{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\highlight1\lang4105\ul\f0\fs24 On entering Lucian's room for the first time\par
\ulnone Lucian flops into his bed and turns up the volume on his CD player by a notch.  An awkward silence (aside from the strains of "Lean On Me" pouring out of the CD player) descends on the room.\par
\par
\ul After three turns of not having said anything to Lucian\par
\ulnone Ava nudges you.  "I don't think he's going to say anything unless we talk first.  And, um, normally I would?  But if this is somehow connected to your ... whatever it is ... maybe you want to do the talking?"\par
\par
\ul Default conversation ender\ulnone\par
\tab [Chapter 2:]\par
\tab [Default Conversation End:] An awkward silence ("...[song quote]...") descends on the room.\par
\par
\tab [Song quote: any one line:]\par
\tab\tab lean on me\par
\tab\tab when you're not strong\par
\tab\tab I'll be your friend\par
\tab\tab I'll help you carry on\par
\tab\tab it won't be long\par
\tab\tab I'm gonna need\par
\tab\tab somebody to lean on\highlight0\par
\par
\ul *Default for Chapter 2\par
\pard\li720\qj\lang2057\ulnone It's kind of a sensitive situation, and you don't really know if what you're asking is relevant just yet.\par
\pard\qj\lang4105\par
\lang2057\ul *himself\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:] Lucian rolls his eyes.  "What's to know?  My dad is an airline steward and my mom works in a hardware store.  We're just ordinary people."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul *father, mother, family\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:] Lucian rolls his eyes.  "What's to know?  My dad is an airline steward and my mom works in a hardware store.  We're just ordinary people."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul *song, [SONG], music\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj 01) Lucian shrugs.  "I just like the song.  It makes me feel better when I'm feeling unhappy."\par
\par
\pard\li2160\qj 02. "Are you feeling very unhappy?"\par
03. "It's a nice song...."\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
02) "I don't know anybody here and I'm all alone.  Why shouldn't I be unhappy?  Let's talk about something else." \highlight1 [Default Conversation End]\highlight0\par
\par
03) "It was my grandmother's favourite song.  She used to sing it to me when I was little."  Lucian's glance strays to one of the photographs on his desk, of an old lady in her garden. [Flag: Now possible to ask Lucian about grandmother] \highlight1 [Default Conversation End]\highlight0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul *photographs\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj You look at the two photographs.  There's one of a little old lady in a garden.  The other is class photograph.  [Now possible to ask Lucian about grandmother and about Peter]\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li2160\qj 4. "Is that your class picture?  What was your teacher like?"\par
5. "Who's the lady in that picture?  Is she your grandmother?"\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj 4) [Flag: Now possible to ask Lucian about Peter.  Ask Lucian about Peter]\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj 5) [Flag: Now possible to ask Lucian about grandmother.  Ask Lucian about grandmother]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul *egg-drop option\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj "The egg-drop thing wasn't so bad," Lucian says, grudgingly.  "I even managed to make a box that saved all the eggs inside, so that was nice.  I really thought I was going to have fun here after all."\par
\par
\pard\li2160\qj 6. "Aren't you having fun, then?"\par
7. "Hey, congratulations!  I never managed to do it when I tried that option, last year."\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
6) "No."  It looks like Lucian's not going to say anything more, but just when you're about to move on, he says, "people are so mean.  Peter said that there wouldn't be any bullies here, but I should have known better."  [Flag: now possible to ask Lucian about bullies, and about Peter]\par
\par
\pard\li2160\qj 8. "Who's Peter?"\par
9. "Bullies?  Has someone here been giving you a hard time?"\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
7) Lucian shrugs.  "Yeah, whatever." \highlight1 [Default Conversation End]\highlight0\par
\par
8) [Ask Lucian about Peter]\par
\par
9) Lucian looks annoyed.  "Yeah.  You.  Why don't you leave me alone?"\par
\par
"We're just trying to help, Lucian," says Ava gently.\par
\par
Stacy, meanwhile, looks like she's losing patience.  "You know, if you don't you tell us what's upsetting you, we can't help you.  So why don't you just spit it out and get it over with?"\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj Lucian looks a little angry and says, "stop picking on me!  You're just like those bullies at dinner!  They made me give them my grandmother's earth crystal and I bet you want me to pay some sort of fine for being a loser.  Well I've had it.  Just go away and leave me alone!"  [Now possible to ask Lucian about earth crystal]\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\par
\pard\qj\ul *LEAP\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj "It's just school pretending to be camp, isn't it?  I suppose it's more interesting than normal school, but I think I'd rather be home for the summer.  I don't have to worry about bullies when I'm at home."\par
\par
\pard\li2160\qj 9. "Bullies?  Has someone here been giving you a hard time?"\par
6. "Aren't you having fun, then?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul bullies\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2, the earth crystal is not flagged as "available":]\par
\pard\li1440\qj Lucian shakes his head.  Stacy looks a little annoyed and says, "you know, if you don't tell us what's upsetting you, we can't help you.  So why don't you just spit it out and get it over with?"\par
\par
Lucian looks a little angry and says, "stop picking on me!  You're just like those bullies at dinner!  They made me give them my grandmother's earth crystal and I bet you want me to pay some sort of fine for being a loser.  Well I've had it.  Just go away and leave me alone!"  [earth crystal now flagged as "available"]\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
[Chapter 2, earth crystal is flagged as "available":] "I don't want to talk about that any more."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul grandmother\ulnone\par
\pard\li1440\qj "Yeah.  She died."  The sour taste in the air is almost overwhelmed by a different, marshy sort of smell, yet you somehow know that the two sensations are somehow related.  Ava is instantly consoling Lucian, and finding all the right words that you can't think of.\par
\par
"Was she a gardener?" asks Ava.  "That's a beautiful garden she's in."\par
\par
"Yeah, yeah she was.  She was an environmentalist.  That's why she...."  Lucian stops.  "Never mind."\par
\par
Stacy looks a little annoyed and says, "you know, if you don't tell us what's upsetting you, we can't help you.  So why don't you just spit it out and get it over with?"\par
\par
Lucian looks a little angry and says, "stop picking on me!  You're just like those bullies at dinner!  They made me give them my grandmother's earth crystal and I bet you want me to pay some sort of fine for being a loser.  Well I've had it.  Just go away and leave me alone!"  [Now possible to ask Lucian about earth crystal]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Peter, teacher, school\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj Lucian picks up the class photo.  "That's Peter," he says, pointing to the teacher smiling up from one side of the group.  For a moment, the sour taste in the air disappears.  "He lets us call him by his first name, and he's the most awesome teacher ever."  Then Lucian looks sad again.  "He's the one who said I was smart enough to come here, and he went and pulled all sorts of strings.  I should be grateful, I suppose.  But I don't know anybody here and I'm all alone and people keep giving me a hard time...." [Default Conversation End]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul earth crystal\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj "It's a crystal cube with a 3-D image of the earth etched inside it.  My grandmother gave it to me just before she died, so it means a lot to me.  Those bullies didn't care, though, they just took it.  I don't know how to get it back, I mean, I don't want to go crying to the camp counselors like a little crybaby."  Lucian sniffles and wipes his sleeve across his nose, then reaches over to the CD player to turn the volume up.\par
\par
[If player has not asked Lucian about the song that he's listening to:]\par
"Isn't it loud enough for you already?" asks Stacy pointedly.  "It's not even a very good song!  Ava says it makes her sick."\par
\par
Ava turns bright red.  "Only because I had to sing it in my voice lessons over and over again," she says quickly. [Ask Lucian about song]\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\pard\par
}
 