{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
Everything is Absolutely Fine.\par
\par
At least, that's what you keep telling everybody who asks, especially the ones who stink of Morbid Curiosity.  You're guessing that your little fainting spell, at the Sim Sunday event, was something similar to what happened at dinner with Lucian last week, but at least this time round you didn't wind up in the hospital.  It looks really bad for Aidan, though: some of the people who used to hang out with him are giving him the cold shoulder now, and Stacy is definitely actively avoiding him.\par
\par
You have no idea what sort of emotion could have knocked you out like that.  And you're kind of leery of checking out Aidan's emotional status these days....\par
\par
\par
LEAP, Day 9 (Monday) - Class Period 1\par
\par
Satirical drama.  The best way to take your mind off your troubles is to laugh at them, and some of the other people doing this class are pretty good.  You've spent half the class period listening to other people reading their stuff, but now it's time to work on your own stuff.  You're looking forward to putting this on stage this Friday, and that's enough to make you forget everything else.\par
\par
\par
\ul AVA GETS DANIEL'S HELP (CONVERSATION: C07.01)\ulnone\par
\par
The alarm bells go off.  Judging by the reactions of the counselors and instructors, this is not a drill.  You are about to follow everyone out (in a not-so-orderly fashion) when you see Ava fighting her way past the surging crowd.  She sees you and immediately pulls you aside.\par
\par
"Daniel! Thank goodness I found you.  You know what the alarm is all about?  It's about Aidan!  He's gone crazy ... we were in the middle of our film class when Lucian -- you remember him -- accidentally jostled the camera and ruined Aidan's shot, and then Aidan went berserk!  I swear, he tried to kill Lucian!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "Don't tell me Lucian's dead?"\par
2. "Why are you telling me this?"\par
3. "What do you mean, Aidan went berserk?"\par
4. "You're joking, right?"\par
\pard\qj\par
1) "No no, he got away.  Aidan tried to hit him and got his fist stuck in a wall, and Lucian ran off ... now Aidan's running around the school trying to find Lucian, and if we don't find him first Aidan is really going to kill him!  I mean it!"  You've never seen Ava look this distraught. [go to 5]\par
\par
\pard 2) "Because we've got to find Lucian!  He escaped somewhere, but if Aidan finds him first...." She shudders. [go to 5]\par
\pard\qj\par
3) "He went crazy!  He hit out at Lucian so hard his fist got stuck in a wall, and thank goodness it did, too, because that's all Lucian needed to escape.  But if we don't find Lucian first, Aidan will find him and kill him and I am not making this up!"  Ava looks distraught.  [go to 5]\par
\par
4) "Does that alarm bell sound like a joke?  I'm serious, Daniel, Aidan really does mean to murder that boy and we've got to stop him!"  Ava takes a deep breath before going on.  [go to 5]\par
\par
5) "Lucian's bound to be terrified.  Can't you find him the same way you found him the last time?"\par
\par
You glance around.  Everyone's already left, and, standing as you were in the shadows of the auditorium, you and Ava were missed in the general exodus.  "All right," you say, "we'd better find Lucian and get him out of here."  As long as Lucian doesn't make you go crazy like he did the last time.\par
\par
[End of Conversation C07.01]\par
\par
\par
\ul TRACKING LUCIAN\ulnone\par
\par
>FOCUS\par
[In Film Studio South:] Here's where it all began.  You can sense the explosion of rage and the responding burst of fear, right in the middle of what seems to be an actual physical explosion.  Both rage and fear race off towards the north end of the room.\par
[Player hasn't tried to focus in Film Studio South yet:] You sense a confusion of trails, all of them scented with fear.  More than one of them seem strong enough to be Lucian's, assuming he's as terrified as you think he is, though none are precisely alike.  \b Any one of them could be Lucian's.  [on the first time getting this message:]  Ava points off towards the southern part of the film studio.  "That's where it happened.  Maybe we should start there?"\par
\b0 [In Film Studio North:] You trace Lucian's terror to the bookshelves, and then into the depths of the open vent.  [on the first time focussing here: You point out the trail to Ava, who looks at the damaged wall around the vent and says, "I suppose Aidan must have tried to force his own way into the vent after Lucian.  Is Lucian in there still?"  She tries shouting into the vent, but receives no response.]  It's clear that Lucian must have crawled some distance through the vents already.\par
[Player has tried to focus in Film Studio South but not in Film Studio North:] You seem to have lost the trail.  None of the emotions here seem to match Lucian's.\par
[In Northeast Corner:] Standing on tiptoe and craning your neck towards the ceiling, you can sense Lucian's trail tracing a path through the HVAC system from east to west.\par
[In Hallway, south of Library:] Standing on tiptoe and craning your neck towards the ceiling, you can sense Lucian's trail tracing a path through the HVAC system from east to north.\par
[In Library:] You can sense abject terror pooling about the air vent over the circulation desk, practically dripping onto the papers below.\par
\par
\b >CALL LUCIAN\par
You are about to call out to Lucian, when it occurs to you that it might not be such a good idea to do that while Aidan's still lurking somewhere around.\par
\b0\par
\par
\ul\b RANDOM THINGS FOR AVA TO DO WHILE TRAILING AFTER YOU\par
\ulnone\par
Ava glances nervously behind her.\par
\par
Ava sings softly under her breath.  She stops when she sees you looking at her.  "What? I need something to do to keep from freaking out, don't I?"\par
\par
Ava sings softly under her breath, trying to calm herself down.  She stops and grimaces when she realizes she's been singing [SONG].\par
\par
Ava wrings her hands like the heroine of a Victorian novel.\par
\par
Ava jumps in fright, but it's only her shadow flitting about the corner.\par
\b0\par
\par
\ul FINDING LUCIAN\ulnone\par
[After FOCUSSING in the Library:]\par
"There," you say, pointing to the vent.  "He's in there."  You sense the terror leaking out of the vent suddenly grow more pungent.\par
\par
Ava gets up onto the desk and calls into the vent, "Lucian!  Are you there?  You have to come out.  We'll get you somewhere safe."\par
\par
Lucian's response is barely audible.  "No.  Shan't.  Go away."\par
\par
\par
\ul AIDAN TURNS UP THE HEAT\ulnone\par
\par
[Initially:] Hm, is it just you or is it getting a bit warmer than usual?  Could be the adrenaline talking.\par
\par
[Later:] It's definitely getting a bit warm now.\par
\par
[Later again:] It's getting uncomfortably warm.  You can hear the hot air blowing through the various air vents all around.\par
\par
[Still later:] It's getting very hot in here, and the hot air coming through the vents now smells slightly burnt.\par
\par
[Even later:] Who knew the HVAC systems could get this hot?  You could probably roast something in one of the vents.\par
\par
[Too late:] In fact, you can roast something in the vents, as the authorities discover shortly afterwards.  Poor Lucian, too afraid to come out of his hiding place in one of those vents, is cooked alive.  Ava goes into hysterics at the discovery; her emotional outburst sends you reeling and by the time you are steady on your feet again, Aidan has been taken away by armed guards and men with mirror shades and black suits.  You never see your brother again ... in fact, all evidence that he ever existed seems to vanish from the face of the earth.\par
\par
\par
\ul COAXING LUCIAN OUT OF THE VENTS\ulnone\par
\par
>Calm Lucian\par
Easy enough to say, but.... "Hey Lucian," you say, "chill out, okay?"  Ava gives you an incredulous look.  She was always better at this sort of thing than you.\par
\par
>Ask/Tell Lucian about [anything]\par
>Talk to Lucian\par
You get no response, though you can easily tell that he's there; and, by the fluctuating emotions around the vent, that he can hear you.\par
\par
>Lucian, do [anything]\par
He's really too frightened to do anything but hunker down inside the vent and wait for the world to end.\par
\par
>Ask Ava about Lucian\par
>Ava, calm Lucian\par
>Ava, talk to Lucian\par
Ava tries her best to talk to Lucian, once even managing to elicit a stifled sob, but to no avail.  She shrugs helplessly.\par
\par
\b >Ava, sing\par
>Ava, sing to Lucian\par
[if player has tried to tell Ava about [SONG] or asking her to sing [SONG] before to try to calm Lucian: try "Tell Ava about [SONG] instead.]\par
[if not in the Library:] "Daniel, this really isn't the time."\par
[otherwise:]\par
"Daniel, this isn't really the time."\par
\par
"Just try it, Ava."\par
\par
She sighs.  "Fine."  Clearing her throat, she sings a random folksong from her collection.  This does not seem to have any effect on Lucian, unfortunately.\b0\par
\par
>Ask/Tell Ava about [SONG]\par
>Ava, sing [SONG]\par
"But I hate that song!" Ava glances back at the vent.  "Okay, you're right, if that's the only way to get him calm enough to listen to reason, I'll do it.\par
\pard\li720\qj [The grill is still on the vent.] But we'd better get that grill out first.  If that song does calm Lucian down enough, we don't want to waste time trying to unscrew it."\par
[otherwise:] " Ava takes her place on the circulation desk and begins singing softly into the vent.  You can sense curiosity blossoming in the middle of all the fear, and then ... there it is, a kernel of calm!\par
\pard\qj\par
>Amplify calm\par
[Ava is not singing [SONG]:] You sense no calm here.\par
[Ava is singing [SONG]:] You're not sure how you're doing this, but the adrenaline pumping in your veins gives you enough of a boost to grab that tiny kernel of a sense of well-being and magnify it.  At the same time, the fear and the anxiety seems to damp down a bit: a person can only feel so much emotion at a time, after all.  [See subsection "Extracting Lucian"]\par
\par
>Muffle fear\par
[not in Library:] While you do somehow feel that this is within your capabilities, doing so now would be rather pointless.\par
[Ava is not singing [SONG]:] Trying to muffle Lucian's fear is like trying to bail out a sinking ship with a teaspoon.  You can't do it, not without some sense of calm to take the place of the fear.\par
[Ava is singing [SONG]:] You're not sure how you're doing this, but you somehow manage to damp down the fear around that kernel of calm, allowing it to grow as Ava continues to sing.  [See subsection "Extracting Lucian"]\par
\par
>Amplify curiosity\par
[Ava is not singing [SONG]:] What curiosity?  There is no curiosity here but my own.\par
[Ava is singing [SONG]:] You grab hold of that sense of curiosity and, you're not sure how, pull it over the fear.  It somehow drags that kernel of calm along.  Curiosity and calm quickly amplify, while fear shrinks before them.... [See subsection "Extracting Lucian"]\par
\par
\par
\ul EXTRACTING LUCIAN\ulnone\par
Slowly, Lucian's head appears in the open mouth of the ventilation shaft.  The fear spikes for a moment as he looks around, but when he sees no-one but you and Ava, he calms down enough to emerge further.  Finally, he comes out enough for you to grab him and carefully help him down onto the desk and then down to the floor.\par
\par
Ava stops singing.  "Good.  Now, we'd better get out of here before--"\par
\par
You don't need to turn around.  The heat of the burning rage behind you is enough to tell you that Aidan has just chosen the worst possible moment to check in on the library.  Ava, turning white as a sheet, tries to shield Lucian, who meanwhile has made a mad scramble for the barrier to the main part of the library.\par
\par
Aidan burns right past you to get at Lucian, pushing Ava aside as she tries to pull him back.  Lucian manages to duck just in time, and the barrier reverberates from the force of Aidan's fist hitting it.\par
\par
\par
\ul SAVING LUCIAN FROM AIDAN\ulnone\par
\par
\i Turn one\i0\par
Aidan lunges for Lucian, who twists away just in time.  There is a sharp cracking sound from the barrier as Aidan slams into it.\par
\par
\i Turn Two\i0\par
Lucian tries to make a break for the exit, but Aidan, moving faster than you \b thought\b0  possible, vaults over the circulation desk and into Lucian's escape path.  Lucian squeaks in terror and scrambles back to the barrier.\par
\par
\i Turn Three\i0\par
Aidan makes a grab for Lucian, and gets a fistful of his shirt.  The fabric rips, and Lucian goes sprawling across the floor.\par
\par
\i Turn Four\i0\par
Aidan pounces on Lucian, this time getting his right hand on Lucian's throat.  He lifts Lucian, kicking and coughing into the air.\par
\par
\i Turn Five, you lose\i0\par
There is a sickening crunch as Aidan's hand closes around Lucian's throat, and the smaller boy goes limp.  Behind you, Ava begins screaming.  As for yourself, you are nearly overwhelmed by a wave of black horror, much of it coming from yourself.  You black out....\par
\par
You are told, when you regain consciousness, that Aidan was "taken away"; accounts differ as to who exactly did the taking away.  Some say it was the police, others say it was the army.  A few people whisper about conspiracies and men in black.  Regardless, you never see your brother again.\par
\par
\par
>Ask/Tell Ava about [anything]\par
>Talk to Ava\par
"I don't know, just do something!"  Ava is wide-eyed and almost panicking.\par
\par
\par
>Ask/Tell Lucian/Aidan about [anything]\par
>Talk to Lucian/Aidan\par
He seems a little busy right now.\par
\par
\par
>Hit Aidan\par
>Stop Aidan\par
Aidan barely notices your futile attempts to stop him.\par
\par
\par
>Muffle rage/anger/emotions/etc.\par
There's too much of it!  No matter how much you try, Aidan's rage just keeps pouring from him in neverending supplies!\par
\par
\par
>Amplify rage/anger/emotions/etc.\par
Maybe it'll make him black out, you think desperately.  But as Aidan's rage threatens to bury you alive, it becomes clear that you'd be the one to black out first, and lose control of the situation.\par
\par
\par
>Focus / Examine Aidan (first time)\par
You sense rage and anger and frustration and hatred and more rage, so much so that you almost feel the same emotions yourself.  Just when you think you're going to fall into the same emotional whirlpool as Aidan has, you become aware that Aidan has paused in his assault on Lucian, and instead is swaying a little, a confused look on his face.  As you register this, Aidan shakes his head and returns his attention to Lucian.\par
\par
Ava looks from you to Aidan and back.  "What did you just do?"\par
\par
\par
>Focus / Examine Aidan (second time)\par
Rage and anger and hatred and rage and nothing else and suddenly you find yourself somewhere else entirely....\par
\par
\par
\i In the Battlefield\i0\par
[after a couple of turns:] A shadow falls upon you.  Looking up, you see a massive shell headed directly towards you!  You try to run, but, as if in a dream, you feel like you're running through molasses ... there's a sharp crack as something strikes you in the back of your head and you think for a moment that you're dead, but....\par
\par
\ul YOU WIN\ulnone\par
You blink.  You're lying on the floor, staring up at the ceiling of the Fine Arts Library, and it is singularly free of the panic and rage that saturated the air the last time you were here.  Instead, there's a sort of hysterical worrying that you quickly trace to Ava ... who is standing over the unconscious form of your brother Aidan, a large granite paperweight clutched in her hands.\par
\par
"What happened?" she says, staring at you.  "What did you do?  One moment Aidan's trying to kill Lucian, next minute you're both as still as statues and I knew I had to grab the chance and oh I hit Aidan with a paperweight and you both fell over ... Daniel, what on earth just happened?"\par
\par
You sit up and rub the back of your head where it still feels as though you'd been hit with a paperweight ... though there's certainly no evidence of anything ever having struck you there at all.  "I'm not sure.  I think ... I think I was actually inside Aidan's head there.  It's...."  You shake your head.  "We should get Aidan and Lucian back to the counselors."\par
\par
Something is terribly wrong with Aidan, and that has got to be the understatement of the year.\par
}
 