{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
The first thing you try to do when you regain consciousness is open your eyes.  This fails because they're already open.  You're in absolute darkness, and there's this smell -- not that you can really trust your senses anymore -- like disinfectant.\par
\par
Rather more alarmingly, for some odd reason, is the fact that you feel perfectly fine.  When was the last time you felt that way?\par
\par
\par
Location unknown, Day unknown - Time un-- you know it's entirely possible that you're dead, right?\par
\par
You are in darkness.\par
\par
\par
\ul AFTER GETTING THE ATTENTION OF SOMEONE OUTSIDE, OR ELSE AFTER WAITING FAR TOO LONG\par
\ulnone\par
\b The darkness above you flies open,\b0  and you're momentarily blinded by a flood of bright light.  As you try to blink away the spots, a face swims into view -- it takes you a few moments to register the curly white hair, the rosy cheeks and the clear blue eyes, and the fact that said face is talking to you.\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION: C04.01\par
\ulnone\par
"Hullo, Daniel.  My goodness, you gave us a scare.  How are you feeling?"\par
\tab 01. "I'm alive, I think."\par
\tab 02. "What just happened?"\par
\tab 03. "What the hell just happened?"\par
\tab 03. "I just woke up in a coffin!  I thought I was being buried alive!  How do you think I feel?"\par
\par
\pard 01) "That's the spirit!"  The face breaks into a smile, complete with dimples.  [go to 5]\par
\par
\pard\qj 02) "Now, then, that's a rather complicated question.  Let's see if I can make the answer a little less complicated."  The face pauses thoughtfully before continuing.  [go to 05]\par
\par
03) "Tsk tsk, I do know you're upset, but I do think it best if you try to calm down and consider that this sort of stress might be what put you here in the first place."\par
\tab 04. "Where am I?"\par
\tab 05. "Okay, fine, I'll calm down.  See?  All calmed down.  Now this had better be good."\par
\par
04) "You're in the university hospital, dear, and I'm Dr Claudia Rose.  We've had you and your brother under observation all night, and I really hope you'll both be well enough to return to the camp today.  You should be, if nothing goes wrong."\par
\tab 07. "Aidan's under observation?  Whatever for?"\par
\tab 06. "What do you mean, 'if nothing goes wrong'?  What's happening?"\par
\par
05) "Here, sit up.  I'm Dr Claudia Rose, by the way, and you and your brother are very lucky that your particular condition happens to be a specialty of mine."\par
\tab 06. "Condition?  What condition?"\par
\tab 07. "What ... has something happened to Aidan?"\par
\par
06) "You're developing some rather unique abilities, Daniel.  As far as I can tell, based on what your friends have told me, you are gaining the ability to sense the emotions of the people around you.  At the moment, your brain is trying to cope with the influx of these new senses and trying to interpret them using the template of the other five; before long, you should start recognising emotions for what they are, rather than sensing them as flavours or colours or smells."\par
\tab 09. "So ... what, I'm going to be some sort of mind-reader?"\par
\tab 10. "So what DID happen at dinner?" \b [this option available only if (10) has not been reached already.]\b0\par
\tab 10. "So I've got to avoid people now or I'll wind up here again?" \b [this option available only if (10) has not been reached already.]\b0\par
\tab 11. "That sounds kind of cool, actually...."\par
\par
07) "Your brother Aidan carried you here after you collapsed at dinner last night."  Dr Rose pauses.  "A distance of about a mile, running at 30 miles an hour, he was here before anyone at the camp could fully explain over the phone what had happened."\par
\tab 12. "Where is he?  I want to see him."\par
\tab 10. "So what DID happen?"\par
\par
08) Dr Rose nods.  "This sort of thing must be expected as you're first getting used to your new abilities, I suppose.  In the meantime, I've set up this device here to help you out."  She indicates what appears to be a steampunk salon hair dryer.  "This is a cranial crown.  It will flood your brain with an electromagnetic frequency that should dampen the new sensory stimulus going to your brain, giving it a rest and allowing it to recuperate enough so it doesn't go out of control again.  You'll have to undergo this treatment at least once a week, I'd say."\par
\tab [go to 14]\par
\par
09) Dr Rose chuckles.  "If you want to put it that way.  You won't be reading minds, exactly, but otherwise it's not such a bad analogy." [go to 11]\par
\par
10) "What happened at dinner was a sensory overload.  Too many people, too many emotions, not enough experience.  You should develop the ability to handle this sort of thing, with time, but in the meantime it is absolutely vital that you come back here once a week for ... well, this device here."  Dr Rose waves a hand at what appears to be a steampunk salon hair dryer.  "This is a cranial crown that will flood your brain with an electromagnetic frequency that should dampen the new sensory stimulus going to your brain -- giving it a rest, as it were -- and prevent it from going out of control again."\par
\tab 13. "It's not going to also give me a hair helmet, is it?"\par
\tab 11. "Well, that's a drag.  I suppose there's nothing I can do about it, is there?"\par
\pard\li720\qj\b 06. "But I don't understand.  What's happening to me?" [this option available only if (06) had not been reached already.]\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
11) "Your friends tell me you've been able to track people using the emotional debris they leave in their wake.  That's really quite impressive.  You should also be able to get an idea of how a person feels by examining them, and possibly more if you focus on those emotions.  Eventually, I think you might even be able to amplify or muffle whatever emotion you find, though right now that ability may only manifest in times of extreme stress, as it was with the manifestation of Aidan's abilities."\par
\tab 7. "Aidan's abilities?  What do you mean?" [this option available only if (7) has not yet been reached.]\par
\tab 12. "Can I see Aidan?" [this option only available if (12) has not yet been reached.]\par
\tab 8. "I guess that sort of went out of control at dinner...." [this option only available if (10) has not yet been reached.]\par
\tab [if no options are available, go to 14]\par
\par
12) "Your conditions are quite delicate, Daniel, and I don't want you to experience a relapse or anything of the sort.  The exertion may be to much, and I don't want you to excite yourself.  So please stay in your room, refrain from exerting yourself, and wait until I'm sure that your condition is stable."\par
\tab 6. "What exactly is my condition, anyway?" [this option only available if (11) has not yet been reached.]\par
\tab [if no options are available, go to 14]\par
\par
13) "A hair helmet?"  Dr Rose looks at the cranial crown again.  "Oh!  I suppose it does rather look like a salon hair dryer, doesn't it?  Well, function before form, I suppose.  The important thing is that it will allow your abilities to develop without overwhelming you in the process."\par
\tab 11. "My abilities?"\par
\par
14) "I have spoken to your parents, by the way, and explained everything to them.  As you know, they're overseas and cannot return at the moment, at least not on such short notice.  In the meantime, they've left me in charge of your health and welfare.  So, Daniel, if anything bothers you at all, I hope you will tell me about it.  I'll do anything I can to make sure you're safe."\par
\par
Dr Rose pats you on the shoulder and is about to say something more when there's a resounding crash from somewhere else in the hospital.  At the same time, the pager on Dr Rose's belt goes off.  You catch a glimpse of a number, R15, flashing on its face as Dr Rose looks down at it.  She frowns.  "I'm sorry to have to cut our little chat short, Daniel, but it seems I'm urgently needed elsewhere.  Remember, stay where you are, and don't exert yourself."  With that, she hurries out of the room, leaving a cloud of apprehension (or is it anxiety?) in her wake.\par
\par
As the door closes behind her, Ava and Stacy slip into the room.  "Daniel!" says Ava, "what happened?  Are you going to be okay?"\par
\par
"Ava, stop worrying and let him answer already."  Stacy's eye wanders over to the cranial crown contraption.  You don't need super emo-detector powers to see that her curiosity is piqued.\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION: C04.02\ulnone\par
\par
>Tell Stacy about cranial crown\par
You tell Stacy about the cranial crown and the need for regular treatments.  "Sorry to hear that," Stacy says, still peering at the cranial crown and not sounding very convincing, "that sort of thing always sucks."\par
\par
>Ask Stacy/Ava about Aidan\par
[go to 0]\par
\par
>Ask Stacy/Ava about crash\par
[go to 20]\par
\par
>Ask Stacy/Ava about R15\par
[go to 10]\par
\par
0) "Ava went to look in on him while we were waiting to see you," says Stacy.  "He's somewhere on this floor too, isn't he?"\par
\par
"They wouldn't let me in to see him, either," Ava says, "and it's not as if anything had happened to him or anything.  He's in room R15."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "R15?  That's the number I saw flashing on Dr Rose's pager!"\par
\pard\qj\par
1) "Something must have happened," you say, "I'll bet it has something to do with that crash I heard ... I've got to see what's going on!"\par
\par
"No, wait," Ava says, "you're supposed to be resting!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 2. "I'll rest after I've checked in on Aidan!"\par
3. "I feel fine!"\par
4. "I suppose you're right.  Someone will tell me if it's something to do with Aidan."\par
\pard\qj\par
2) Ava tries to stop you, but you push past her to the door.  You don't stop to look back as you slip out onto the corridor.\par
\par
For a moment, you feel a bit lost as you realise that you have no idea where room R15 might be, but then you sense Stacy and Ava joining you.  "Aidan's room is that way," Ava says quietly, pointing off to the northwest.\par
\par
3) "Well you don't know that you actually are fine!"  Ava moves to block your way.\par
\par
"I'd like to know what that noise was, too," Stacy says, "and, come on, aren't you the least bit concerned?  It might have something to do with Aidan!"\par
\par
Ava looks anxious and uncertain, then finally backs down.  "Okay, fine, but we better not get caught."\par
\par
Stacy opens the door, and you all slip out into the corridor.  Ava points off to the northwest.  "Aidan's room is that way."\par
\par
4) Stacy frowns.  "Maybe.  But I want to know what that crash was.  I mean, it's not the sort of thing you want to hear in a hospital."  She goes to the door and prepares to step out.  "Ava, are you coming?  You're the one who knows where room R15 is."\par
\par
Ava glances at you, and hesitates.  Stacy rolls her eyes and says, "come on, Daniel, don't you want to find out if your brother is all right?"\par
\par
You don't need that much encouragement.  Half a second later, the three of you are in the corridor.  Ava points off to the northwest.  "Aidan's room is that way."\par
\par
10) "That's Aidan's room," says Ava, "I tried to drop in on him earlier.  You don't think...?"\par
\par
"That something's happened to Aidan?"  It's an alarming thought.  "I'd better go find out."\par
\par
"But Daniel, you're supposed to be resting!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 2. "I'll rest after I've checked in on Aidan!"\par
3. "I feel fine!"\par
4. "I suppose you're right.  Someone will tell me if it's something to do with Aidan."\par
\pard\qj\par
20) "I don't know.  Dr Rose has probably gone to check it out.  Daniel, did she say anything about where she was going?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 10. "No, but I saw the display on her pager flash a room number, R15."\par
21. "No, she didn't say anything."\par
\pard\qj\par
21) "Well," says Stacy, "I don't know about you, but I'd like to get to the bottom of this.  We could just try poking around until we find her, but my guess is that she's gone to check on Aidan: the two of you seem to be her biggest concern here, after all."\par
\par
"Daniel needs his rest," says Ava.  Evidently neither of them likes the idea of running around the hospital without you.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 3. "I feel fine."\par
22. "If that crash has something to do with Aidan...."\par
\pard\qj\par
22) "Well, come on, then."  Stacy goes to the door and you follow her out into the corridor.\par
\par
A moment later, Ava follows, looking a little pink.  "Aidan's room is that way," she mumbles, pointing off to the northwest.\par
\par
[end conversation]\par
\par
\par
>Go anywhere without having finished C04.02\par
\par
"No, Daniel," says Ava firmly, "you're supposed to be resting!"\par
\par
\par
\ul THE WANDERING ORDERLY\par
\ulnone\par
You notice an orderly pushing a gurney out into the corridor, off to the [direction].  It looks like he's about to head this way!\par
\par
You can hear someone whistling tunelessly in the room to the [direction].  It sounds like they're about to come out into the corridor!\par
\par
\par
\ul FINDING AIDAN\ulnone\par
\par
"Here we are," whispers Ava, pointing to a door to the north.  "That's room R15.  Aidan's in there."\par
\par
>Look through window\par
\par
Looking through the window, you see a room equipped in much the same way your room was, complete with the silvery, high-tech coffin thing.  That's where the resemblance ends.  The lid of the coffin thing has been broken off and lies at the far end of the room, a huge crack down its middle, and smoke billows out from one broken monitor.  Aidan himself is lying near the coffin, unconscious, while a bunch of orderlies stand at a very safe distance away from him.\par
\par
Fear, shock, whatever, it's thick in the air and feels like you just snorted hot salsa up your nose.\par
\par
In the middle of all this is Dr Rose.  You can't hear what she's saying but ... oh, well, it looks like she's done lecturing the orderlies and now she's heading for the door.  You pull back before she sees you.  You've got to get back to your room before she notices you're gone, but you're in a corner and there's no way to know which way she'll turn when she comes out, and if you hide in the empty room to the west Dr Rose will almost certainly get to your room before you.\par
\par
"Go that way," Stacy whispers, shoving you eastwards.  "I'll distract them."  Before you can say anything, Stacy has run off to the south.\par
\par
>Go east\par
>Go west\par
\par
The fire alarm goes off!  Stacy must have opened the fire exit and set it off.  You catch a glimpse of Dr Rose hurrying off to the south to investigate the matter, followed by a few of the orderlies from Aidan's room.  You'd better take advantage of the distraction!\par
\par
\par
[If, for whatever reason, you are caught by Dr Rose on your way back to your room....]\par
"Daniel Wayne!" Dr Rose catches you by the collar and frowns, clearly disappointed.  "What are you doing out of your room?  Come on, back you go."  She marches you back to your room, where she proceeds to put you through a battery of seemingly unnecessary tests.  Pursing her lips as she reads the data scrolling by on the monitors, she says, [see YOU ARE CAUGHT]\par
\par
\par
\ul YOU ARE CAUGHT (YOU LOSE)\ulnone\par
\lang4105\par
"I do wish you wouldn't insist on running around unsupervised, Daniel.  You need your rest, we need to monitor your condition, and this last adventure of yours might very possibly have interfered terribly with ... well, with everything.  The data may have been compromised.  I'm afraid we'll have to keep you under observation a little longer."  She shakes her head sadly.  "Believe me, Daniel, I'd have liked to let you go back to the camp every bit as much as you would, but under the circumstances, I'm afraid it just can't be done."\par
\par
\par
\ul YOU MAKE IT BACK TO YOUR ROOM IN TIME\ulnone\par
\par
And not a moment too soon.  When Dr Rose comes bustling in, \b you are back in the coffin thing and Ava is sitting beside you\lang2057 , \b0 looking as if you'd just spent the past half hour talking about the weather.  Dr Rose frowns a bit when she checks the readouts on the various monitors, but no-one can look as innocent as Ava when she has to, and in the end Dr Rose decides that nothing suspicious has been going on after all.\par
\par
Aidan, she says, is still undergoing observation of some kind, but you're free to go back to camp.  Brad picks you up after lunch (it turns out that the hospital food tastes just as nasty as the camp food) and you're back in time for your afternoon classes.  It's dinner time before Aidan is back at camp; and whatever it was that happened to him in the hospital, he either doesn't remember, or doesn't want to tell you.\lang4105\par
}
 