{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
\ul OPENING TEXT\par
\ulnone\par
It's your second year at the LEAP summer camp, and so far it's been as great as you remember last year to have been.  Ava Winters and Stacy Alexander, whom you met last year (and whom your brother Aidan calls "your girlfriends", much to your embarrassment) are here again.  You spent yesterday catching up on the news in between options and classes, and now you're settling in with the smug sensation of not being a raw newbie any more.\par
\par
The LEAP summer camp isn't quite the same as most summer camps.  LEAP is an acronym for "Learning Enrichment Activity Program"; the brainchild of world-renowned educator Professor Damon Rose, it is housed on the campus of the University of Colorado at Valmont, and was created for Gifted and Talented Kids (gosh, that sounds impressive) to expand their horizons and encourage them to stretch their mental capabilities.\par
\par
Whatever.  That's all in the promotional flyers.  You just know that you're in for two weeks of the sort of interesting classes you don't get in school, and a bunch of fun options with which to fill up the free time after classes.  This evening, for instance, you've signed up for a scavenger hunt....\par
\par
[next page]\par
\par
LEAP, Day 2 (Monday) - Evening.\par
\par
"Okay, kids!" Michelle, the counselor in charge of the scavenger hunt option waves her hands to settle the crowd around you, before finally remembering her whistle.  A brief fweep sweeps through the room.  "Okay, does everyone have their list?  Everyone good?  Okay!  You have until 8:25 pm to find everything on your lists, return here, and show me your lists so I can check them.  So synchronize your watches ... are we all in sync?  Good!  Your time starts ... now!"\par
\par
Michelle's whistle gives another sharp fweep, and the room practically empties as everyone else runs off to begin their hunt.  \b Everyone except you: there's a sudden pressure in the back of your throat, and you feel dizzy ... it only lasts a moment, but by then everyone else is gone, leaving you alone.\b0\par
\par
[Game begins]\par
\par
\ul ADDITIONAL ROOM TEXT\ulnone\par
\par
\i Second time entering the location of the School of Rock option\i0\par
Someone takes a complicated trombone solo, and you are suddenly \cf1\highlight2 seized\cf0\highlight0  by a dizzy spell.  For a moment, everything seems to glow red and orange, and then, just as suddenly, everything snaps back to normal.\par
\par
\i On subsequent visits to the location of the School of Rock option\i0\par
As you approach the musicians, you once again get that odd sense of vertigo.  The feeling passes within seconds.\par
\par
\i First time entering the location of the Rap Session option\i0\par
As you enter the area, you experience a momentary headache and the urge to sneeze.  The feeling disappears quickly, but evidently not quickly enough because Aidan clearly seems to have noticed something wrong.  He breaks away from the rest of his option and comes up to you.\par
\par
"Hey, Daniel, you okay?"\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "Yeah, I'm fine."\par
2. "No, I'm getting these dizzy spells and headaches."\par
\par
Response to 1: "You sure?  You looked a bit green for a moment there."\par
3. "Really, I'll be fine."\par
2. "Well, I felt a bit funny for a moment, but I'm better now."\par
\par
Response to 2: Aidan frowns.  "Could be something you ate.  Brad Kramer's your counselor, isn't he?  Want me to go get him?"\par
3. "Thanks, but I think I'll be able to find him myself."\par
3. "No, I'll be fine.  It's nothing, really."\par
3. "Uh, no, thanks.  (Aidan, you're embarrassing me!)" \par
\par
Response to 3: "Whatever you say, tough guy."  Aidan ruffles your hair, and for a moment, but only a moment, something buzzes in your ears.  Aidan resumes his seat with the other rappers.\par
\pard\qj\par
\i On subsequent visits to the location of the Rap Session option\i0\par
There it is, that funny throbbing feeling in the back of your head.  And there, it's gone again.\par
\par
\i First time enter the location of the Egg Drop option\i0\par
As you emerge into the sunlight, you feel a momentary dizziness that makes you almost want to hurl.  The feeling is gone very quickly, but your heart is left pumping as though you'd just run a couple of miles.\par
\par
\i On subsequent visits to the location of the Egg Drop option\i0\par
There's that dizzy feeling again; this time you're ready for it.  As it fades away, you almost swear you taste something vaguely sour in the air.\par
\par
\i Random messages while in the Courtyard\i0\par
[1] A box-like object crashes into the concrete close to the wall of Jacobs Hall.  Raw egg comes splattering out of its side, accompanied by loud groans from above.\par
[2] A box-like object crashes into the concrete close to the wall of Jacobs Hall, and lies still.\par
[3] Something falls onto the concrete, bounces twice, and lies still.\par
[4] Something falls onto the concrete, bounces twice, and lies still.  Egg yolk drips from a seam.\par
[5] Someone runs into the courtyard from around the corner, gathers up the various boxes and containers, and runs off again.\par
\par
\par
\b\i Player, after 15 minutes, has yet to encounter a single weird emotional thing\i0\par
A pair of first-year campers come tearing past you, yelling at the top of their lungs.  Looks like they've decided to take the unoffered "Hide and Seek" option.  You're about to yell at them to settle down when the world suddenly turns mauve.  It only lasts a split-second, but leaves you feeling a little dizzy and disoriented.\par
\par
\i Player, after 30 minutes, has only encountered one weird emotional thing\i0\par
You feel an odd, ticklish sensation on the tip of your nose as two of the older campers walk past, and then your head begins to hurt.  The two campers laugh nastily when they see you stumble, but keep moving.  Fortunately for you, the headache disappears as quickly as it appeared.\b0\par
\par
\b\i Player tries to enter the east or west ends of the corridors -- places we're "closing off" for this chapter without specifically making them off-limits:\par
\i0 A quick scan of that end of the corridor reveals nothing helpful.  At least, nothing that you couldn't already find right here.\b0\par
\par
\par
\ul GETTING A HAT FROM STACY: CONVERSATION C01.01 \par
\ulnone\par
>Ask Stacy for/about hat\par
\par
"Hey, Stacy," you say, "I don't suppose I could borrow your hat for a bit, could I?"\par
\par
"What?  What am I supposed to wear, then?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "Please?"\par
2. "I know you've got a bunch of other hats you could wear."\par
4. "Come on, it's for the scavenger hunt.  Please?"\par
\pard\qj\par
1) "No."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 3. "Pretty please?"\par
2. "I know you've got a bunch of other hats you could wear."\par
4. "Come on, it's for the scavenger hunt.  Please?"\par
\pard\qj\par
2) "No way, Ava and I will lose our place in the line if I run up to our dorm to get another hat."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "Please?"\par
4. "Come on, it's for the scavenger hunt.  Please?"\par
\pard\qj\par
3) "No."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "P-p-p-please?"\par
2. "I know you've got a bunch of other hats you could wear."\par
4. "Come on, it's for the scavenger hunt.  Please?"\par
\pard\qj\par
4) Stacy hesitates a little, then sweeps the hat off her head.  "Okay, fine.  But if you ruin it, I'll kill you with a screwdriver."\par
\par
[End of conversation]\par
\par
\ul TIME'S UP\ulnone\par
8:25!  Time's up!  You hurry back to the starting point with your list and everything you've found so far....\par
\par
\par
\ul YOU WIN\ulnone\par
Michelle takes your list, then searches about herself for a pencil (completely missing the one behind her ear and the two pens in her pocket) before finally pulling out a magic marker.  She nods as she ticks off the items from the list.  "Nice going, Daniel," she says, smiling, "that's everything on the list.  You win!"  She slaps a blue ribbon on your chest and turns to address the next camper.\par
\par
The numb sensation in the side of your head takes a few moments to clear completely.\par
\par
\par
\ul YOU SUBMIT THE INCOMPLETE LIST TO MICHELLE BEFORE TIME RUNS OUT\ulnone\par
\pard Michelle scans your lists, looks over your findings, and frowns.  \lang2057 "I'm afraid you haven't quite found everything, Daniel.  But there's still a bit of time.  You can still win this if you hurry!"  She hands the list back to you and sends you on your way again.\lang4105\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\ul YOU SUBMIT THE INCOMPLETE LIST TO MICHELLE AFTER TIME RUNS OUT\par
\ulnone Michelle scans your list, looks over your findings, and shakes her head.  "Well, it was a good try, Daniel, but I'm afraid you haven't quite found everything.  Better luck next time!"\par
\par
It takes you a few moments to realize that "the bitter taste of defeat" is, in this case, not a figure of speech: the air literally does taste bitter.\par
}
 