{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
"Have a sandwich," says Dr Rose.  "And some tea, perhaps?"\par
\par
You help yourself to the first thing you've had in almost two weeks that doesn't taste of reverse-engineered sugar substitute.  As you nibble on the sandwich, Dr Rose pours out a cup of tea for herself and for you.  "I spoke with Ava," she says, looking serious, "and she tells me that you said something about having entered your brother's mind at one point.  Now, that is an aspect of your power that I had not anticipated, and I must say I find it quite fascinating.  It might, I suspect it might be of great use to Aidan right now.  Poor boy, I'm afraid there's no other way of dealing with the side effects of his emerging powers, as there was with you.  You're his last hope, Daniel."\par
\par
\par
University Hospital, Day 12 (Thursday) - Late afternoon\par
\par
You're back in the same hospital room you woke up in last week, after you blacked out in the dining hall.  This time it's Aidan who's in the coffin-thing, pumped full of sedatives and tied down with so many heavy-duty cables that he looks like a mummy.  A small table and a couple of comfy chairs have been set up; Dr Rose is sitting in one chair, sipping at her tea.\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION C09.01\par
\ulnone "You will give it a try, won't you, Daniel?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "What?\par
7. "Of course I will.  Just tell me what to do."\par
\pard\qj\par
1) "Taking a little trip inside Aidan's mindscape, of course.  The only way to cure him is to find the thing in his subconscious that is generating his rage, and to remove it.  And since we can't exactly make him sit through several sessions of psycho-analysis, the only way to deal with the problem is for you to enter the mindscape created by his subconscious, find the problem, and physically remove it yourself."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 2. "But the last time I went in there, there were bombs!  Everywhere!  I almost got hit by one!"\par
8. "Okay, if that's what I have to do, that's what I'll do."\par
3. "You must be crazy.  I'm not doing this."\par
\pard\qj\par
2) "I think the bomb did hit you, Daniel, but that's a good thing.  It means that if you should 'die' in Aidan's mindscape, you will in fact simply be ejected back into the real world again.  So you see, it will be perfectly safe.  In any case, with the calming influence of all the sedatives we've given him, I think you'll find his mindscape quite a lot calmer than before."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 3. "No way, it's still too dangerous."\par
8. "Well, I suppose it's the only way.  Sure, I'll do it."\par
\pard\qj\par
3) "But, Daniel, what about Aidan?  Surely you don't want to see him spend the rest of his life like this.  And who knows what will happen if he builds up enough tolerance to resist the sedatives again?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 4. "No no, I'm still not doing this.  Find someone else."\par
8. "All right then.  I'll do it."\par
7. "All right then.  Tell me again what I'm supposed to do?"\par
\pard\qj\par
4) "There is no-one else.  You're our last hope."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 5. "I'm not doing this and you can't make me."\par
8. "All right then.  I'll do it."\par
7. "All right then.  Tell me again what I'm supposed to do?"\par
\pard\qj\par
5) Dr Rose looks at you sadly.  "Really, Daniel, I'm quite disappointed in you.  Your own brother.  Still, if that is your choice, I suppose there is nothing I can do to change your mind."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 6. "Right, I'm out of here."\par
8. "Um.  I suppose since you put it that way...."\par
\pard\qj\par
6) [go to Section: YOU TURN YOUR BACK ON EVERYTHING, YOU UNFEELING MONSTER]\par
\par
7) "You need to take a little  trip inside Aidan's mindscape, find the source of his rage, and remove it.  He's under a lot of heavy sedation, so you might find the experience a little surreal.  But at least it won't be as dangerous as it was the last time this happened, I think." [End conversation.]\par
\par
8) Dr Rose smiles.  "I knew I could count on you, Daniel.  Now, good luck.  Whenever you're ready, just go ahead." [End conversation.]\par
\par
\par
\ul YOU TURN YOUR BACK ON EVERYTHING, YOU UNFEELING MONSTER\ulnone\par
Dr Rose doesn't try to stop you as you hurry out the door of the hospital room and down to the lobby.\par
\par
You never see Aidan again.  Rumour has it that he was shipped off to some very hush-hush government department.  When your parents start asking questions, they disappear as well.  The next few years are a blur of foster homes.  Dr Rose tries to do what she can for you, but it isn't long before you disappear as well....\par
\par
\par
\ul TRYING TO LEAVE THE HOSPITAL ROOM\ulnone\par
[You have reached C09.01 node 7 or 8] You can't leave now.  You've got to save Aidan from ... whatever it is he needs to be saved from!\par
[reached C09.01 node 5][go to Section: YOU TURN YOUR BACK ON EVERYTHING, YOU UNFEELING MONSTER]\par
[reached C09.01 node 3 or 4][go to C09.01 node 5]\par
[otherwise][go to C09.01 node 3]\par
\par
\par
\ul ENTERING THE MINDSCAPE\ulnone\par
\par
>Examine Aidan (first time)\par
You can sense raw, directionless rage and aggression, mixed with a large dose of confusion, all of it fortunately damped down by the sedatives.  Now that you're aware of it, it becomes rather hard to ignore.  Dr Rose, watching you intently, encourages you to go on.  "You can do it, Daniel.  I know you can."\par
\par
>Examine Aidan (second time)\par
It's just like the last time, only the aggressive emotions seem much more muted.  There is confusion and fear as well.  As you focus, Aidan's emotions become the only ones you are aware of, and then you're somewhere else....\par
\par
>Examine Aidan (after having been expelled from the mindscape)\par
You take a deep breath and focus again on your brother's emotions.  The sensations are beginning to seem all too familiar, and once again you find yourself in....\par
\par
\par
\ul DEATH BY....\ulnone\par
\par
\i Wearing too many rings:\i0\par
The heat is unbearable now.  And it's getting worse!  You burst into flames, which is not very pleasant, to say the least.\par
\par
\i Darkness:\i0\par
You are aware of heavy breathing behind you just as slavering fangs descend upon you, and you are eaten by a grue.\par
\par
\i Putting too many rings on Aidan:\i0\par
The heat around Aidan intensifies until it explodes with such force that you are violently thrown off your feet.  You slam painfully into a solid rock wall and lose consciousness....\par
\par
\i Killed by the thief, in the Thief's Den\i0\par
The thief's last blow turns out to be too much for you.  You pass out.\par
\par
\i Killed by the thief, in the Deepest Place\i0\par
Suddenly, the thief draws up close to you, smiling.  It takes you a moment to realise that the thief's knife is buried up to the hilt in your stomach, and then the world seems to turn blood-red as you slump to the floor....\par
\par
\i Eaten by the shark (waited around too long)\i0\par
The shark swims straight for your sword-hand, mouth wide open.  Before you can think of doing anything, its teeth descend upon you, and you quickly become another Jaws casualty.\par
\par
\i Eaten by the shark (tried to hit the shark with your fist)\i0\par
[see relevant action under The Shark in NPCs01]\par
\par
\ul YOU HAVE DIED\ulnone\par
*** You have died ***\par
\par
Or have you?  The light at the end of the tunnel soon revolves into the ceiling light of the hospital room, and you see Dr Rose looking down at you, her face full of concern.  "Oh dear," she says, "I suppose something went a little wrong in there?  Well, whenever you're ready, I hope you'll give it another try."\par
\par
\par
\ul THE THIEF: RANDOM ENCOUNTERS\ulnone\par
\b\i thief shows up: (NOTE: this should be the first encounter with the thief!  We can start randomly pick encounters after this one is done.)\b0\i0\par
A lean and hungry-looking gentleman wearing a domino mask sidles up nearby.  He smirks a bit as he observes you from the shadows.\par
\par
\i thief steals object and goes away:\i0\par
Without warning, the thief darts forward and expertly extracts the [object] from your inventory!  If you hadn't seen him do it, you would never have noticed it happening!\par
\par
\i thief goes away without stealing anything (player already almost empty-handed):\i0\par
Without warning, the thief darts forward and expertly rummages through all your pockets without you feeling a thing.  Disappointed at not finding anything worth taking, he kicks you in the shins and dashes away again.\par
\par
\i thief shows up and goes away in one turn:\i0\par
A lean and hungry-looking gentleman wearing a domino mask darts out of the shadows, blows a raspberry at you, and disappears back into the shadows again.  It's a moment before you notice that your [object] has also disappeared.\par
\par
\i thief shows up and goes away in one turn, but player has nothing to steal:\i0\par
A lean and hungry-looking gentleman wearing a domino mask darts out of the shadows, runs a circle around you, and disappears back into the shadows.  All your pockets have been turned inside-out: it looks like you've been the victim of a run-by pickpocketing.  Fortunately, nothing has been taken.\par
\par
\par
\ul THE THIEF: FIGHTING THE THIEF\ulnone\par
\par
\i First time ever attacking the thief:\i0\par
Oh, hey, you know kung fu.  Since when did you know kung fu?  Clearly Aidan must think you ought to know kung fu, anyway, because here you do.  It probably would not be a good idea to try any of these moves outside of Aidan's head, however.\par
\par
\i In the Thief's Den:\i0\par
[First time hitting the thief:] The thief  somehow manages to roll to one side as he lands, and is quickly on his feet again.  He shakes his head, as if to clear it, and aims a deadly jab at your throat.  You manage to dodge the worst of it, but it still clips you quite painfully on the shoulder.\par
\pard\li720\qj [You fail to hit the thief again after the first time:] The thief bounds around to one side and lashes out at you.  You deflect his blow just in time.\par
[OR:] The thief aims a spinning kick at your head.  His boot bounces off the side of your head and sends you spinning.\par
[OR:] The thief punches you in the stomach and quickly leaps away.\par
\pard\qj [Second time hitting the thief:] The thief scrambles to his feet again, and adopts a defensive position.\par
\pard\li720\qj [You fail to hit the thief again after the second time:] When you refrain from following up on your last attack, the thief takes the opportunity to aim a quick jab at your chest before darting away again.\par
[You still fail to hit the thief:] The thief hangs back, watching you cautiously.\par
[Alternate with the random attack messages from before, until player either dies or hits the thief a third time.]\par
\pard\qj [Third time hitting the thief:] The thief tries to get up, but this time your awesome in-this-world-only kung fu skills prove to much for him, and he collapses, unconscious.\par
\par
\i In the Deepest Place:\i0\par
[Aidan not present:]\par
\pard\li720\qj [Random attack 1:] The thief tosses his knife from hand to hand, and just when you think he's about to attack you from the right, he slashes at you from the left and draws a long line of blood down your side.\par
[Random attack 2:] The thief strikes out at you like a cobra, and bounces back away from you.  It takes you a moment to realise that he's managed to draw blood.\par
[Random attacl 3:] The thief lunges at you with his knife, and if it weren't for the fact that this is all happening inside Aidan's head, you'd be scarred for life.\par
[Random attack 4:] The thief slashes at you with his knife.  You only just manage to dodge out of the way.\par
\pard\qj [Aidan is present:]\par
\pard\li720\qj [Random attack 1:] The thief is too busy fighting Aidan to attempt to attack you.\par
[Random attack 2:] The thief lashes out at Aidan with his knife and a bucketload of inhuman speed.  Aidan somehow manages to deflect the attack, but only just.\par
[Random attack 3:] The thief lunges at Aidan, who dives for the ground and kicks out at the thief.  The kick manages to catch the thief in the shoulder, sending him spinning off to one side.  Unfortunately, this does not seem to slow the thief down in the slightest.\par
[Random attack 4:] Aidan engages the thief in a blur of flying fists and feet, and for a moment the two of them are moving so quickly you're not sure where one of them ends and the other begins.  And when they finally disengage, you can't tell if either of them has managed to land a blow on the other.\par
[Random 5a, Aidan needs an edge:] Aidan catches your eye.  "We're too evenly matched," he says, in between deflecting the thief's knife and trying to land a punch, "I could really use an edge here...."\par
Random 5b, Aidan needs an edge:] "Daniel!" Aidan shouts, holding out his hand.  The thief attacks him right then, interrupting him, and now he's too busy with the thief to finish whatever it was he was trying to tell you.\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Aidan shows up to fight the thief with you\i0\par
Out of nowhere, someone leaps in between you and the thief!  It's Aidan, and more to the point, it's the Aidan that you remember, the one who helps you handle bullies and carries you to the hospital when you freak out in the dining hall!  He barely has time to give you a "hi Daniel" before he and the thief are locked in mortal combat with each other....\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\lang4105 >Hit Aidan with sword\par
Aidan certainly isn't expecting that, but he's quick enough to dodge your attack.  You've distracted him just enough, however.  (Go straight to section You Fail To Give Aidan The Sword)\lang2057\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul YOU FAIL TO GIVE AIDAN THE SWORD\ulnone\par
With a sudden lunge, the Thief slips through Aidan's defences and buries his knife in Aidan's stomach.  Aidan has time to give you one horrified look before his eyes roll up and he collapses.  The mindscape wavers for a moment, then shatters, and that is the last thing you know.\par
\par
No really, it's the last thing you know.  Both you and Aidan spend the next twenty-odd years in a coma, knowing nothing of what's going on around you.  It's a terrible fate, and if you were conscious enough to formulate a thought, you would probably wonder what you could have done differently in that last fight that would have averted this.\par
\par
\par
\ul YOU GIVE AIDAN THE SWORD\ulnone\par
You put the sword on the ground and slide it over to Aidan, who kicks it up into his hands and swings it up to block the Thief's knife.  He's much faster than you are, given the super-speed and super-strength, and you can hear the sword whistling through the air as it whirls, a blue blur around the Thief.  In less than a minute, the Thief's knife goes flying off into the darkness, and the Thief himself is cut down.\par
\par
There's no blood.\par
\par
Aidan stands over the Thief, leaning on the sword and panting.  He flashes you a familiar smile.  "Thanks, Daniel.  He almost had me there.  If you hadn't passed me the sword...."  He shakes his head.  "Now, let's see who this fellow is behind his mask."  Leaning down, he pulls off the Thief's mask, revealing the face of ... Dr Claudia Rose.\par
\par
The scene wavers and dissolves all around you.  Aidan is saying something, but you can't hear him.  And in a moment, you are back in the hospital room, looking at the real Dr Rose, who is smiling quite happily.  "You did it, Daniel!  I knew you could do it!  Look, your brother's looking more peaceful already."\par
\par
It's true.  Aidan's still unconscious, but he looks a great deal more relaxed, with the same expression of peace that you saw when you put the ring on him back there in the Land of the Dead.  Whatever was going wrong in his head, it's over now.\par
}
 