{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
Well, that was odd.\par
\par
Those sudden flashes of sensory hallucination (what else would you call them?) seem to die down over the course of the next day.  The headaches and dizzy spells are so mild now as to be practically gone, but on the other hand, the frequency seems to be increasing.  It's all somewhere in the back of your head: if you focus, you can almost always find ... something.  A smell, or a sound that isn't there.  A peculiar \b flavor\b0  hanging in the air.\par
\par
Even so, you're not entirely sure you want to speak to a doctor.  I mean, it's not as if it's laying you flat on your back on anything like that.  You could talk to Aidan, but he'd probably just march you straight up to the hospital.  He'd even carry you there if he had to.  So where does that leave you?\par
\par
\par
LEAP, Day 3 (Tuesday) - Dorm Time\par
\par
Your roommate, Jeremy, went off with some friends after dinner, which leaves you alone for now.  It's dorm time, which means you have maybe a couple of hours or so before lights-out, all to yourself.  Some people spend the time reading, or listening to music, or visiting friends.  Which reminds you, maybe talking to Stacy and Ava about this would be the best thing to do.  Maybe they'll tell you it's all part of being eleven years old, or something.\par
\par
Yeah.  You can hope.\par
\par
-----\par
\par
\ul AT STACY AND AVA'S\ulnone\par
\par
[Outside]\par
\par
>Open door\par
You don't think either of the girls would appreciate you just barging in on them like that.\par
\par
>Knock on door\par
Ava peeks out and breaks into a smile when she sees you.  "Hey, Daniel!"  She pulls you inside.  "What's up?"\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION: C02.01\ulnone\par
\par
Stacy looks up from her desk, where a few hundred tiny electronic parts are scattered.  "We were just talking about how lately you seem distracted all the time.  Is something wrong?"\par
\par
Ava looks a little embarrassed.  "We're just concerned.  You know."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "I don't know what's happening...."\par
01. "Well, I'm getting these headaches...."\par
09. "There's nothing wrong.  Can't a guy visit his friends every now and then?"\par
\pard\qj\par
01) You tell Ava and Stacy about the headaches, the dizzy spells, and the hallucinations.  Only of course you don't call them hallucinations, because they'd think you're going nuts for sure.  Ava says, "that sounds serious.  Maybe you should see a doctor."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 02. "Over my dead body."\par
03. "I'm not that sick."\par
\pard\qj\par
02) "Then you'd be seeing a coroner," says Stacy, "and it would be an autopsy." [go to 04]\par
\par
03) "That's what they all say," says Stacy, "right before they keel over dead." [go to 04]\par
\par
04) "I don't know," says Ava, "it sounds pretty serious to me.  And we've noticed you sometimes stopping in the hallway with your eyes sort of glazed over."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 05. "Is it that obvious?"\par
08. "Have you two been spying on me?"\par
\pard\qj\par
05) "Mostly to Ava," says Stacy, "because Ava notices these things.  I would have totally missed it if she hadn't pointed it out as we were coming back from dinner earlier."  You remember feeling a little nauseous as you walked by the Info Desk.  You thought it might have been something you ate.  "Personally," Stacy continues, "I'm kind of wondering if maybe it could be real.  The sounds and stuff you told us about, I mean."\par
\par
Ava frowns.  "Stacy, how can it possibly be real?  Nobody else noticed anything."\par
\par
"Nobody else noticed Daniel getting all glassy-eyed and green either.  Look, Daniel, there's a very easy way to find out.  If there's something at the Info Desk that's making you sick, then going there again will bring back the same feeling, right?  So we could just go there and see how consistent these feelings are."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 06.  "They're pretty consistent, now I think about it.  Always at the same place ... sort of.  I mean, unless something's changed about the place since."\par
07. "Consistent? They're just random.  I never know when I'm going to suddenly get this feeling, whatever it is."\par
\pard\qj\par
06) Ava looks thoughtful.  "It could be some sort of allergy, I suppose.  Maybe we could find out exactly what's causing this, and fix it." [go to 10]\par
\par
07) Ava looks doubtful.  "Are you sure?  I mean, it's not like you're taking notes, is it?  I think Stacy has a point.  If we can find out what's causing this, we can fix it." [go to 10]\par
\par
08) "Oh, don't get all paranoid," says Ava, "you're our friend!  Of course we look out for you!"\par
\par
"The question is," Stacy says, "what are we going to do about it?"  You recognise the look on her face: it's the one she gets when she's decided that something needs fixing.  "I think we should see if this is being triggered by anything.  Ava noticed you going all green and glassy-eyed by the Info Desk after dinner earlier, so maybe we should go back there and see if there's any sort of pattern going on."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 06. "It's pretty consistent, now I think about it.  I seem to always get the same feeling in the same sort of places and stuff."\par
07. "No way, it's all totally random.  I'm just minding my own business when, pow, it hits me right between the eyes."\par
\pard\qj\par
09)  Both girls look rather doubtful at this, and you finally sigh and describe all the strange sensations that have been assailing you since yesterday.  "But really, it's nothing serious.  The feelings are almost gone now." [go to 4]\par
\par
10) "Okay, then!"  Stacy grins cheerfully as she pulls a deerstalker cap out of her dresser.  "I'd say we have a mystery to solve."\par
\par
Ava gets out a notebook and pen.  "Just try to focus, Daniel.  We'll get to the bottom of this."\par
\par
[End of Conversation C02.01]\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul TRAILING LUCIAN\ulnone\par
\par
\i Additional text to room descriptions for: Info Desk, First Floor Midpoint, Pits Stairwell, Pits Rooms West\i0\par
There is a sour, vaguely nauseating taste in the air.\par
[if Ava and Stacy are following, player hasn't tried to FOCUS yet with the girls present:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "Daniel," says Ava, "Daniel, you're getting that funny look again.  Is whatever-it-is somewhere around here?"\par
\par
"Try to focus," says Stacy.\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Info Desk\par
\i0 >Focus\par
Concentrating on the flavour, you sense an undercurrent of something salty as well, like tears.  You can also tell that this is all definitely part of a trail of some sort, going off to the east and the north.\par
[if Ava and Stacy are following, first time FOCUSing in this location:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "It's a trail," you say.  "It runs off that way, outside, and that way, back to the dorms."\par
\par
"Well," says Stacy, "we can't very well leave the building at this time of the night.  We'd best investigate the other direction."\par
\pard\qj\par
\i First Floor Midpoint\par
\i0 >Focus\par
Concentrating on the flavour, you sense an undercurrent of salt tears.  Both sour and salt seem to form a line between the Info Desk and the stairs going down.\par
[if Ava and Stacy are following, first time FOCUSing with girls present, ever:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "It's a trail," you say.  "It goes down the stairs and back to the Info Desk."\par
\par
"I know we said we'd go look around the Info Desk," says Stacy, "but if this is a trail of some sort, I wonder where it leads."\par
\par
Ava shrugs.  "Up to you, Daniel.  Off to the Info Desk, or down the stairs?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Pits Stairwell\par
\i0 >Focus\par
Concentrating on the flavour, you sense an undercurrent of salt tears.  Both sour and salt seem to trail off to the west and to the stairs going up.\par
[if Ava and Stacy are following, first time FOCUSing with girls present, ever:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "It's a trail," you say.  "It goes up the stairs and that way down the hall."\par
\par
"I know we said we'd go look around the Info Desk," says Stacy, "but if this is a trail of some sort, I wonder where it leads."\par
\par
"I'm guessing the trail up the stairs goes back to the Info Desk."  Ava shrugs.  "Up to you, Daniel.  Off to the Info Desk, or do we see what's at the end of the hall?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\i Pits Rooms West\par
\i0 >Focus\par
Concentrating on the flavour, you sense an undercurrent of salt tears.  They trail off to the east, but seem strongest around one of the doors to the south.\par
[If Ava and Stacy are following:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "Whatever it is, it's strongest around that door."\par
\par
Ava and Stacy exchange glances, and before you can stop her, Stacy is knocking on the door.  "We've come this far.  I want to know what's at the end of --"\par
\par
Stacy quickly shuts up when the door opens a crack, and a rather timid little guy peeks out at you.  He fairly reeks of that mysterious sour-salty air.  And now you think you can hear some sort of twittering in the background, too.  It occurs to you that you remember seeing him up at the egg-drop option yesterday, though he certainly wasn't giving off this ... whatever it is ... back then.\par
\par
"Hi," says Ava, who seems to recognise the guy.  "Lucian, isn't it?  We met yesterday at the sign-ups.  Anyway, these are my friends Daniel and Stacy.  May we come in for a moment?"\par
\par
Lucian lets the door swing half-open and sighs resignedly.  "Sure, if you want," he says, retreating back into the room.  The three of you follow him inside.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION: C02.02\ulnone\par
\par
\ul Immediately available:\ulnone\par
\i Ask Lucian about himself, father, mother, family\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj Lucian rolls his eyes.  "What's to know?  My dad is an airline steward and my mom works in a hardware store.  We're just ordinary people."\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Ask Lucian about CD, song, [SONG], music\i0\par
\tab 01) Lucian shrugs.  "I just like the song.  It makes me feel better when I'm feeling unhappy."\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj 02. "Are you feeling very unhappy?"\par
03. "It's a nice song...."\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj 02) "I don't know anybody here and I'm all alone.  Why shouldn't I be unhappy?  Let's talk about something else."\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj 03) "It was my grandmother's favourite song.  She used to sing it to me when I was little."  Lucian's glance strays to one of the photographs on his desk, of an old lady in her garden. [Now possible to ask Lucian about grandmother]\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Ask Lucian about photographs\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj  You look at the two photographs.  There's one of a little old lady in a garden.  The other is class photograph.  [Now possible to ask Lucian about grandmother and about Peter]\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj 4. "Is that your class picture?  What was your teacher like?"\par
5. "Who's the lady in that picture?  Is she your grandmother?"\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
4) [Ask Lucian about Peter]\par
\par
5) [Ask Lucian about grandmother]\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Ask Lucian about egg-drop option\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj "The egg-drop thing wasn't so bad," Lucian says, grudgingly.  "I even managed to make a box that saved all the eggs inside, so that was nice.  I really thought I was going to have fun here after all."\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj 6. "Aren't you having fun, then?"\par
7. "Hey, congratulations!  I never managed to do it when I tried that option, last year."\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
6) "No."  It looks like Lucian's not going to say anything more, but just when you're about to move on, he says, "people are so mean.  Peter said that there wouldn't be any bullies here, but I should have known better."  [now possible to ask Lucian about bullies, and about Peter]\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj 8. "Who's Peter?"\par
9. "Bullies?  Has someone here been giving you a hard time?"\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
7) Lucian shrugs.  "Yeah, whatever."\par
\par
8) [Ask Lucian about Peter]\par
\par
9) Lucian looks annoyed.  "Yeah.  You.  Why don't you leave me alone?"\par
\par
"We're just trying to help, Lucian," says Ava gently.\par
\par
Stacy, meanwhile, looks like she's losing patience.  "You know, if you don't you tell us what's upsetting you, we can't help you.  So why don't you just spit it out and get it over with?" [go to 11]\par
\par
\pard\qj\i Ask Lucian about LEAP\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj "It's just school pretending to be camp, isn't it?  I suppose it's more interesting than normal school, but I think I'd rather be home for the summer.  I don't have to worry about bullies when I'm at home."\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj 9. "Bullies?  Has someone here been giving you a hard time?"\par
6. "Aren't you having fun, then?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Ask Lucian about anything else or about anything in the "not immediately available" list before they are made available\par
\pard\li720\qj\i0 It's kind of a sensitive situation, and you don't want to start talking about anything irrelevant.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Not immediately available:\ulnone\par
\i Ask Lucian about bullies\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj [if 11 has not been reached, go to 10]\par
[otherwise:] "I don't want to talk about that any more."\par
\pard\qj\i\par
Ask Lucian about grandmother\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj "Yeah.  She died."  The sour taste in the air is almost overwhelmed by a different, marshy sort of smell, yet you somehow know that the two sensations are somehow related.  Ava is instantly consoling Lucian, and finding all the right words that you can't think of.\par
\par
"Was she a gardener?" asks Ava.  "That's a beautiful garden she's in."\par
\par
"Yeah, yeah she was.  She was an environmentalist.  That's why she...."  Lucian stops.  "Never mind."\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj 10.  "Why what?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj 10) Lucian shakes his head.  Stacy looks a little annoyed and says, "you know, if you don't tell us what's upsetting you, we can't help you.  So why don't you just spit it out and get it over with?" [go to 11]\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj 11) Lucian looks a little angry and says, "stop picking on me!  You're just like those bullies at dinner!  They made me give them my grandmother's earth crystal and I bet you want me to pay some sort of fine for being a loser.  Well I've had it.  Just go away and leave me alone!"  [Now possible to ask Lucian about earth crystal]\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Ask Lucian about Peter, teacher, school\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj Lucian picks up the class photo.  "That's Peter," he says, pointing to the teacher smiling up from one side of the group.  For a moment, the sour taste in the air disappears.  "He lets us call him by his first name, and he's the most awesome teacher ever."  Then Lucian looks sad again.  "He's the one who said I was smart enough to come here, and he went and pulled all sorts of strings.  I should be grateful, I suppose."\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj 02. "But you're not?  Why?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\i Ask Lucian about earth crystal\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj "It's a crystal cube with a 3-D image of the earth etched inside it.  My grandmother gave it to me just before she died, so it means a lot to me.  Those bullies didn't care, though, they just took it.  I don't know how to get it back, I mean, I don't want to go crying to the camp counselors like a little crybaby."  Lucian sniffles and wipes his sleeve across his nose, then reaches over to the CD player to turn the volume up.\par
\par
[If player has not asked Lucian about the song that he's listening to:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj "Isn't it loud enough for you already?" asks Stacy pointedly.  "It's not even a very good song!  Ava says it makes her sick."\par
\par
Ava turns bright red.  "Only because I had to sing it in my voice lessons over and over again," she says quickly. [Go to 01]\par
\pard\qj\par
[First turn after asking Lucian about the earth crystal:]\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj Stacy pulls you and Ava aside.  "Okay," she says, "I think I know how to fix this.  We've got to get that earth crystal away from the bullies and give it back to Lucian here.  Daniel, I think we should let you handle this part.  You can track them from the info desk the same way you tracked Lucian."\par
\par
\pard\qj [End of Conversation C02.02]\par
\par
\par
\ul TRAILING THE BULLIES\ulnone\par
\par
\i Player has not tried to FOCUS at the Info Desk\par
\i0 >Focus\par
Now that you think about it, there are so many alien sensations swirling around, most of them so faint you're not sure if you're just imagining them.  You really don't know which sensation you really want.\par
\par
\i Info Desk\i0\par
>Focus\par
You close your eyes and stand near the door to Calvin Field.  You know Lucian's trail begins just outside this door.  Concentrating on the area in question, you sense the beginning of another trail, one that smells of burnt engine oil and sounds like a monkey's chatter dropped several octaves and sped up.  It traces the same path back towards the dorms to the north.\par
\par
\i Additional text to room descriptions of: Info Desk, First Floor Midpoint, First Floor Rooms East\par
\i0 [only after Focussing at Info Desk:] Some sort of oily, burnt stench seems to coil about your legs here, and you think you can hear some sort of low-pitched chatter.\par
\par
\i First Floor Midpoint\i0\par
>Focus\par
That unpleasant smell, and its accompanying sound, seems to trace a path from the Info Desk to the eastern end of the hallway.\par
\par
\i First Floor Rooms East\i0\par
>Focus\par
You can trace that unpleasant smell, and its accompanying sound, to one of the rooms to the south.  The door is open on an already messy room, and with a shock you realise that you are not sensing that burnt-oil smell with your nose at all: it's just registering in your mind as a smell.  Same goes for the sound of low-pitched chattering.\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION: C02.03\par
\ulnone\par
One of the boys inside the room notices you gawking outside the door, and comes out.  "Yeah, what do you want?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "Uh.  Nothing in particular...."\par
01. "I was following this, uh, smell, and I was wondering...."\par
02. "Um, Have you seen an earth crystal -- sort of like a glass cube, about so big, with the earth etched inside...?"\par
\pard\qj\par
01) "Shove off before I dunk you in the toilet, loserboy."  The boy retreats into the room to resume his conversation with his roommate.\par
\par
02) "Oh, that?  Hey, Hank, loserboy here wants to know about the world cube."\par
\par
The other boy, Hank, comes to the door and sneers at you.  "Yeah? Too bad, it's ours now.  Ain't it, Joe?  So you can just go home and ask your mommy to kiss you and make it all better.  Now shove off."  Hank and Joe retreat back into the room to resume their conversation.  [Note: bullies are now identified.]\par
\par
[End of Conversation C02.03]\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION: C02.04\ulnone  \i (initiated when player enters Hank and Joe's room without Aidan.)\i0\par
\par
"Hey, Joe, did we give loserboy permission to enter our room?"\par
\par
"Why no, Hank, I don't believe we did.  Maybe we'll have to make him pay a fine."\par
\par
"Aw, but that would be mean!  We shouldn't make little loserboys give us stuff for trespassing.  I think we should punish them instead."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "Um, about that earth crystal...."\par
03. "What, a fine?"\par
04. "What do you mean, 'punish them'?"\par
\pard\qj\par
01) Joe smirks.  "It's yours if you can take us both in a fair fight with both hands tied behind you and a blindfold on."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 02. "That's not a fair fight!"\par
05. "Sounds fair enough."\par
06. "It's not yours to begin with!"\par
\pard\qj\par
02) "Too bad, so sad.  Now get lost."\par
\par
03) "Yeah.  You came here uninvited, so now you got to give us something.  To compensate us for the distress of having to breathe the same air as you."  Joe looks at Hank.  "What d'you think?"\par
\par
"I think I could use a nice laptop computer."\par
\par
"Sounds about right.  So what're you waiting for, loserboy?  Scram!"\par
\par
04) "I signed up for boxing classes and I need to practice."  Hank flexes his fists.  "So why don't you make yourself useful and stand where I can reach you for, oh, half an hour or so?"  You backpedal out of the room before either of them decides they're being serious.\par
\par
05) You open your mouth to say something phenomenally stupid, but visions of yourself missing out on the rest of the LEAP camp, due to being in traction, stop you.  Hank and Joe snicker, but say nothing further.\par
\par
06) "Yeah?  Possession is nine-tenths of the law, loserboy.  That means that if we possess it, as we do, then it's 90% ours.  You think your 10% stake is gonna do anything?  Shove off."\par
\par
[End of Conversation C02.04]\par
\par
[Conversation C02.04 can be run multiple times.  After the first time:]\par
\pard\li720\qj\b Stacy frowns and shakes her head.  "I think we need help, Daniel.  Should we call a counselor?"\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj You shake your head.  "No way.  We'll be called snitches and rats until the day we die."\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\i Player has spent more than three turns in Hank and Joe's room\i0\par
"Are you still here?" [Joe / One of the bullies] says.  "Get out and go bother somebody else!"  The two bullies hustle you to the door and send you sprawling in the hallway outside.\par
\par
>Take crystal\par
The bullies snatch the crystal out of your reach, laugh in your face, and hustle you out of the room.\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul ASKING AIDAN FOR AID\ulnone\par
\par
[Outside Aidan's room]\par
\par
>Knock on door\par
\par
Aidan opens the door.  "Hey, Daniel!  What's up?"  He ushers you into the room and sits down at his desk.  "Sorry if I'm a little distracted.  We just had our first class on old-school text adventures today, and I'm kind of caught up in the homework.  Seriously, this is kind of cool."  Turning back to his laptop, he begins typing away.\par
\par
>Tell Aidan about bullies / Joe / Hank / crystal / Lucian (after having met trailed the bullies)\par
"Hank and Joe up to their old tricks again, huh?  I'll deal with them."  Aidan gets up from his desk (he doesn't even hit "pause"!  What kind of game doesn't need to be paused when you leave it?) and sets off down the hallway.\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul AIDAN DEALS WITH THE BULLIES\ulnone\par
\par
"Yo, Hank!  Joe!"  Aidan strides into the bullies' room as if he owned the place and perches on the edge of a desk.  "I hear you've been bothering the younger campers again."\par
\par
Hank looks out the door, sees you, and gives you the evil eye.  "So?"\par
\par
"So I figure you gotta either pay a fine or get yourselves ratted out to the counselors.  Me, I don't like ratting on people, so I figure it's gonna be the fine for you guys."  He picks up the earth crystal.  "This will do nicely, especially since I gather you took it from one of the younger campers to begin with."\par
\par
"Shove off, Aidan.  Unless you want a mouthful of knuckles."\par
\par
Aidan gives a short bark of laughter.  "Dude.  My dad chews out Navy SEALs for a living, remember?  They taught me how to kill jerks like you with a pencil when I was five."  Catching Hank glaring out the door at you, he adds, "that's my little brother, in case you're wondering.  Only reason he hasn't whupped your sorry asses to hell and back is because he takes the whole 'only pick on people who can fight back' thing a lot more seriously than I do."\par
\par
Joe looks like he's about to call Aidan's bluff, but Aidan stares him down.  The two bullies finally look away, muttering something rude.  Aidan swaggers out of the room and pulls the door shut behind him.  He grins and passes the earth crystal to you.  "There you go.  Problem solved.  Now, I better get back to Zork."  \b He musses up your hair and strolls back to his room.\b0\par
\par
\par
\ul AIDAN DEALS WITH THE BULLIES, BUT DANIEL (FOR WHATEVER REASON) DIDN'T FOLLOW TO SEE HIM IN ACTION\par
\ulnone "Hey, Daniel!"  Aidan jogs up to you and holds up the earth crystal, grinning.  "This the crystal thingy you told me about?  Here, problem solved.  Hank and Joe are a couple of pushovers, once you convince them you're tougher than both of them put together.  After camp, I'm asking Dad to enroll you in some martial arts classes or something.  I've already told Hank and Joe you're a black belt."\par
\par
"Er, thanks."\par
\par
"Anytime, bro."  Aidan musses up your hair and [player is not in Aidan's room: strolls back to his room.] [player is in Aidan's room: settles back in front of his computer.]\par
\par
\par
\ul RETURNING THE CRYSTAL TO LUCIAN\ulnone\par
\par
Lucian looks up from his desk as you enter the room, and his mouth drops open when he sees the earth crystal in your hands.  "You did it!  You got it back!"  He leaps from his chair and throws his arms around you -- the room glows mauve for an instant, and something stabs in the back of your eye.  You vaguely hear Stacy telling Lucian to take it easy, and you feel Ava's arms catching you as you stumble back, off-balance, from Lucian.\par
\par
"I don't know if we're any closer to figuring out what's going on," you say to the girls as you leave Lucian's room.  "I mean, so now I'm some sort of psychic bloodhound?  Why me?"\par
\par
"It could turn out useful," says Stacy.  "Just think of the things you could do now!"\par
\par
Ava doesn't say anything.  She just looks worried.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b MISCELLANEOUS\ulnone\par
\par
[going from one room to another with the girls following you:] Ava and Stacy trail along behind you.\par
[going from one room to another with only Stacy following you:] Stacy trails along behind you.\par
\par
[on leaving Lucian's room the first time:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "You guys go ahead," says Ava as you make for the door, "I'd better stay here with Lucian.  He looks like he needs someone to talk to."\par
\par
"Fine, whatever," says Stacy, rolling her eyes.\par
\pard\qj\par
[on leaving Lucian's room on subsequent occasions:]\par
\pard\li720\qj Ava stays behind with Lucian as usual.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
}
 