{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
"For he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a jolly good fellow, for he's...."\par
\par
You wake up to face the last day of LEAP.  Oh, a big parade, like the one in your dream, would have been nice.  But it looks as if you've been totally out of it since saving Aidan from himself; in fact, Dr Rose's congratulations really were pretty much the last thing you remember before waking up just now, three hours before breakfast, with Dr Rose hovering nearby.  She doesn't appear to have slept all night.\par
\par
After two hours of various tests and stuff, you and Aidan are both shipped back to camp, and then it's off to breakfast while ignoring all the whispers and the odd looks.  You find a seat in a far corner of the dining hall, while Aidan falls in with some friends who don't think he's going to rip their heads off if they look at him funny.  Almost immediately, Ava and Stacy sit down on either side of you, and Lucian sits himself across the table from you.  At least some people don't think you're an all-out freak....\par
\par
\par
LEAP, Day 13 (Friday) - Breakfast\par
\par
You are sitting with Ava and Stacy and Lucian; otherwise, there's no-one else at the table.  Somewhere else in the dining hall, Aidan is sitting with a small handful of friends who still think he's okay, murderous psycho rages or not.  A lot of the people have finished breakfast and moved on, but you've been busy telling your friends about your adventures through Aidan's mindscape.\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION TOPICS\par
\ulnone\par
[If the player does not spend the action on ask/tell, and if no-one is expecting a response from him for one of the conversation trees at that point, go to any random conversation tree that has not yet been reached.]\par
\par
\par
>Ask Ava about Dr Rose / Thief\par
[If C10.1 has not been reached, go there now.]\par
[otherwise:]\par
\pard\li720\qj Dr Rose: "Lucian's right, she's such a nice lady ... which is what puzzles me about the last Thief."\par
Thief: "I don't know, Daniel.  It all seems very mysterious to me."\par
\pard\qj\par
>Ask Stacy about Aidan\par
[If C10.2 has not been reached, go there now.]\par
[otherwise:] "He's told me he's sorry about everything, so I guess I should stop being mad at him.  But I'm still kind of worried that he's going to go crazy again one day."\par
\par
>Ask Lucian about powers / me\par
[If C10.3 has not been reached, go there now.]\par
[otherwise:] "I'm really sorry about you losing your superpowers, Daniel.  I wish I had superpowers."\par
\par
>Ask Stacy about powers / me / LEAP\par
[If C10.4 has not been reached, go there now.]\par
[otherwise:] "It's all very suspicious, don't you think?"\par
\par
>Ask Lucian about food\par
[If C10.5 has not been reached, go there now.]\par
[otherwise:] "Bleagh."\par
\par
>Ask Lucian about LEAP\par
"LEAP's been pretty awesome after all," says Lucian, "I mean, I got to meet you guys, right?  I'm so coming back next year!"\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION C10.1 (Dr Rose)\par
\ulnone\par
"One thing I don't understand," Ava muses, "is why the last Thief turned out to be Dr Rose.  I mean, what's the connection?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "Um, she's the doctor who's been keeping him sedated all the time?"\par
02. "Um, she's the big authority figure here now that Damien Rose is gone?"\par
03. "Why does there have to be a connection?"\par
04. "Maybe she's secretly an evil supervillain who's been behind everything this year."\par
\pard\qj\par
01) Ava looks doubtful.  "Maybe.  But, I don't know, that seems like a really recent thing, you know?  You've been his brother all your life, and of course he's known himself all his life too -- oh, you know what I mean! -- but this thing with Dr Rose is, like, just a couple of days ago."\par
\par
"You worry too much," says Stacy.\par
\par
02) "That could be it, I suppose.  Maybe Aidan really misses Damien Rose and secretly resents Dr Rose for taking over."\par
\par
"That sounds pretty plausible."\par
\par
Ava nods slowly, but doesn't seem entirely convinced.\par
\par
03) "There's always a connection.  Our brains aren't quite that random.  Isn't that right, Stacy?"\par
\par
"I think people are pretty random.  Maybe Aidan just fixed on the last person he saw before he went under sedation again."\par
\par
"That really doesn't sound right," mutters Ava.  Stacy rolls her eyes.\par
\par
04) Lucian gives a loud bark of laughter.  "Yeah right.  I mean, look at her, she's like somebody's favorite aunt."\par
\par
Ava gives you a look of exasperation.  "Really, Daniel, if you can't take this seriously...."\par
\par
"You're the only one who thinks it means anything, Ava," says Stacy.\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION C10.2 (Aidan)\par
\ulnone\par
"I'm surprised to see Aidan here," says Stacy, glancing over to where your brother is sitting.  "I should have thought they'd have kept him in the hospital until your folks came to get you.  Or maybe even shipping him straight home right away."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "Mom and Dad have been kind of tied up overseas.  I don't know how much they've been told about what's up with Aidan, anyway.  I guess they'll find out when they get here tomorrow."\par
02. "You're not still mad at him about SARG, are you?"\par
03. "I don't know.  I guess it's Dr Rose's decision, and she knows what she's doing."\par
\pard\qj\par
01) "Oh, that's tough."  Stacy chews slowly on some bacon, and resists the temptation to spit it out.  "I hadn't thought of that ... it's going to be weird living with Aidan now, isn't it?  After everything that's happened?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 04. "Yeah, a little.  But, he's still my brother."\par
05. "Nah, he's my brother!  How can it be weird?"\par
\pard\qj\par
02) Stacy relents a little.  "He did stop me just a few minutes ago to apologise," she admits.  She shrugs.  "He says he doesn't feel angry all the time anymore.  Is this true?"\par
\par
You nod.  "The super-strength seems to be gone, too, so he's exactly back to the same old Aidan."\par
\par
Stacy reaches around you to poke Ava, who squeaks and bats Stacy's hand away.\par
\par
03) You add that Aidan's back to normal now, anyway: no more mad rages, but then no more super-strength either.  So it must be all right.  Right?  Everyone nods sagely: Dr Rose is the expert, after all.  [if Conversation C10.1 has not been reached, go there now.]\par
\par
04) Ava looks pleased, but Stacy looks skeptical.  "Aren't you worried he might try to kill you again?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 06. "No, he's back to normal.  No super-rage, no super-strength.  Nothing to worry about."\par
07. "Oh, I think I can handle him if he tries anything." \par
\pard\qj\par
05) Ava and Stacy exchange glances, then look back at you and say, "yeah, it's going to be weird."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 06. "No no, he's totally back to the way he was before.  The rage is gone: I guess I must have killed it.  And the super-strength is gone, too."\par
\pard\qj\par
06) "Seriously?" says Lucian, "that's ... kind of sad, really.  I mean, super-strength is one of the more awesome abilities out there, you know?"\par
\par
"Lucian, he tried to kill you once.  Do you seriously want him to turn back into that monster?"\par
\par
Lucian shrugs, and Ava whispers to you: "Lucian seems to have gotten a lot braver ever since that night when Aidan tried to kill you and he had to go wake up the counsellors."  Huh, maybe the kid will be all right after all.\par
\par
07) "Ooh!"  Lucian is all starry-eyed admiration, but the girls know better.  "He's back to normal, isn't he?" asks Stacy.\par
\par
"Yeah," you admit, "he's not mad all the time anymore, but then he's not super-strong anymore either.  So yeah, I can handle him the same way I used to handle him before this whole business started."\par
\par
Stacy nods.  Apparently Aidan mentioned something about this earlier, when he stopped her to apologize for what he did to SARG.\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION C10.3 (Powers 1)\ulnone\par
\par
"So Daniel," says Lucian, "how awesome was it to go adventuring inside someone's brain?  Think you could do that in mine?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "I don't think so.  Dr Rose thinks those funny emo powers kind of got blown away the last time I got blown out of Aidan's head."\par
02. "Yeah, sure.  Maybe."\par
\par
\pard\qj 01) "Aw man, you mean they're gone?  For good?  No way!"\par
\par
You shrug.  "They were getting kind of annoying anyway," you say, but Lucian still looks heartbroken at the news.\par
\par
02) "Awesome!"\par
\par
But Ava suddenly says, "Oh!  That's what's different about you today: you've lost that funny sort-of-glazed look you've had all week!  So ... you've gotten totally used to being able to sense everybody's emotions now?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 03. "Um, well actually, no.  The powers are gone."\par
04. "Of course.  I had to get used to them sooner or later."\par
\pard\qj\par
03) You explain that it looks like you pretty much used up all of your powers during your adventures in Aidan's head.  Dr Rose seemed a little disappointed about it, but you're kind of glad, actually: that emo-sensory power wasn't exactly very comfortable to live with.\par
\par
Lucian and Stacy both look a little disappointed as well, but Ava says, "well, as long as you're happy about it."  It's a bit of a relief not being able to tell if she's just pretending to be happy for you.\par
\par
04) Stacy looks at you closely.  "Really?  What am I feeling right now?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 05. "Curious."\par
05. "Suspicious."\par
06. "Happy."\par
06. "Sad."\par
06. "Angry."\par
06. "Worried."\par
07. "Totally in love with Hank \b Thomson\b0 ."\par
\pard\qj\par
05) "Anybody could see that," remarks Ava drily.  The girls don't seem much interested in pursuing the matter.  You catch Lucian's eye, but, rather surprisingly, he drops his gaze and turns his attention back to his food.  You have no idea what he thinks of all this, which is kind of a relief.\par
\par
06) "Pfft, I am not!" Stacy looks triumphant, then realizes what it means and frowns.  "So they're gone, then."\par
\par
Reluctantly, you nod.  "Dr Rose thinks they died in that last confrontation with the Thief in Aidan's head.  I guess it was too good to last, but at least things will go back to normal now."\par
\par
"Sorry to hear that."\par
\par
07) Stacy gasps and flings a bit of hash brown at you.  You dodge just in time, and it hits Ava instead.  Before this can turn into an all-out food fight, Lucian says to you, "so do you still have superpowers or not?"\par
\par
Reluctantly, you admit that your powers are gone.  "Dr Rose thinks they died in that last confrontation with the Thief in Aidan's head.  I guess it was too good to last, but at least things will go back to normal now."\par
\par
"Gee, that's too bad."\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION 10.4 (Powers 2)\ulnone\par
\par
"Oh, here's a thought," says Stacy suddenly, "Daniel, could it be something at LEAP that set off your powers?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "Eh?  What do you mean?"\par
02. "I'm pretty sure of it, actually."\par
03. "I don't think so.  Aidan's been coming here for years, and nothing's happened until now."\par
\pard\qj\par
01) "I mean, it's kind of funny that both you and Aidan should suddenly develop these mutant powers at the same time.  I thought that maybe it's because you're brothers and there's some sort of genetic thing going on with you two, but then why right at the same time?  It doesn't really make sense."\par
\par
"Stacy, you think too much."\par
\par
02) "Well, both Aidan and I suddenly picked up these powers while we were here, so I figured it must be something around here that's doing it.  Maybe they're doing some sort of super-secret gamma-ray experiment in one of the nearby buildings."\par
\par
"And only you and Aidan were affected.  I suppose if only the two of you had some sort of genetic thing that made you especially likely to react...."  Stacy nods slowly, but still doesn't seem entirely satisfied.\par
\par
03) "Maybe he's just slower to react to it than you are."  Stacy doesn't look satisfied.  "Or maybe there's something different about this year."\par
\par
"There are lots of things different about this year.  Do you think someone is causing this on purpose?"\par
\par
"Maybe, but then, why pick on the two of you?  I mean, it would be less suspicious if it were two unrelated people.  And if the two of you really were somehow genetically special, then it would be better to get you somewhere else.  Something here doesn't make sense."\par
\par
"Stacy, you think too much."\par
\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION C10.5 (Food)\ulnone\par
\par
Lucian, who's been struggling with a few rashers of bacon, finally swallows the last of it and says, "one thing I still don't like about this place is the food.  I mean, is it always so ... sweet?  And not even like they put sugar, more like they used some sort of fake sugar instead."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 01. "It's always been pretty awful, I thought."\par
02. "Yeah, but it's not so bad, really."\par
\pard\qj\par
01) "It's especially bad this year, though," says Ava.  "Must be a new cook.  Or maybe someone decided that fake sugar would be better for our health than real sugar."\par
\par
"Yeah," says Stacy, rolling her eyes, "because we all need to go on diets.  They didn't have to put it in everything, though."\par
\par
02) "Daniel always finishes everything on his plate whether he likes it or not," says Stacy.\par
\par
"My folks hate to see food go to waste.  Mom always said to either finish everything, or take a little less."\par
\par
"If everything tasted like the food here, I wouldn't take any at all!"\par
\par
\par
\ul AFTER ALL FIVE CONVERSATION TOPICS HAVE BEEN REACHED:\ulnone\par
\par
"Okay, campers!  Enough breakfast!"  It's one of the counsellors, Michelle Close.  She bustles along, hurrying everyone on to prepare for the upcoming exhibition and the end-of-camp banquet afterwards.  "You don't have to finish everything on your plates if you don't want to," she says generously, as Lucian attempts to gobble down the last of his breakfast.  "I know it's pretty awful."\par
\par
"Hopefully the banquet will be better," mutters Stacy.\par
\par
"It's catered by other people, in town.  After two weeks of this rubbish, I'm sure you won't want to miss the food at tonight's banquet!"\par
\par
"Awesome!" says Lucian, pushing away his plate.\par
\par
As everyone gets up from the table, you are suddenly hit with a strong sense of anticipation practically bouncing out of your friends and smashing heavily into your head.  Michelle notices your momentary unsteadiness.  "Hey ... Daniel, right?  You okay?"\par
\par
"Yeah ... yeah.  Stood up too quickly, that's all."  Dr Rose did say that you might get flashes like this in the future, and that she would help you out if they didn't go away again.  Better not tell Michelle this: you don't want to wind up being stared at any more than you already are, and then there's Aidan to worry about....\par
\par
But, as the emotion fades away, you know that this isn't over yet.  Not by a long shot....\par
}
 