{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
Things are a little tense Friday evening, and through most of Saturday.  Stacy is angry with Aidan for what he did to SARG, Aidan is being all sulky and broody and unsociable, and Ava seems to have had an argument with Stacy over who was right or wrong in the Great Robotics Class Incident.  You, meanwhile, have simply been watching the ebb and flow of everybody's emotional states.\par
\par
You're getting better at this.  Some things don't even register as smells or sounds or colours any more, but as recognisable emotions.  So of course, since you're the one who can see the best time to approach people, you're the one to go gather everyone together for Sunday's event.\par
\par
\par
LEAP, Day 8 (Sunday) - Mid-afternoon\par
\par
Everyone looks forward to Sim Sunday!  That's when people get to go into the Simulation Room and play through the scenario that some of the counsellors have spent the whole year putting together.  It is quite literally THE great virtual reality event of the entire camp.\par
\par
The Simulation Room functions as a sort of giant virtual reality suit, recreating a whole other world that you and a few other campers can enter and interact with.  There's always a scenario of some sort involved: a few campers are let in to run through it, some playing principal speaking parts while others play less important roles or even just stand around as non-speaking extras.  Everybody wants to get in on this, of course, so as soon as one group has played through the scenario, they're moved out while another group starts over again.\par
\par
This year, they're doing Robin Hood And The Monk.  You went through this as a non-speaking extra (Random Church-Goer #5) this morning, but this time around you've snagged a major speaking role: you're Little John.  Or rather, thou art Little John.  'Tis of great importance that thou immerseth thyself in thy part, is't not?\par
\par
\par
\ul THE SCRIPT: SCENE 1\ulnone\par
\par
>Talk to Robin\par
>Ask Robin about himself\par
>Cheer Robin up\par
\par
"I dunno, John, it's just that every Sunday we're here in the woods, it's like there's no difference from day to day, you know?  And today is White Sunday, too.  I really should be in church.  It's been two weeks since I've been to Mass."\par
\par
"Then let us go, for if that is what ailest thee, then we shouldst find both salve and salvation at Nottingham church."\par
\par
Robin fixeth upon thee a look of no small wonderment.  "You've been double-dipping into the Shakespeare, haven't you?  Well, I think it's a good idea, anyway.  To Nottingham!"\par
\par
>\par
\par
"Wait," quoth Much, the miller's son, "aren't you wanted in Nottingham for highway robbery?  You should take some men with you.  Twelve guys, maybe, to watch your back."\par
\par
"No way, I'm not taking anyone except Little John, to carry my bow.  Everything will be fine."\par
\par
>\par
\par
Er, according to the poem, this is the part where thou art supposed to tell Robin to carry his own bow, as thou shalt be carrying thine own, but Robin seemeth not to heed the script, and fixeth Much with a stern and a terrible eye.  "Are you trying to tell me I can't take care of myself?"\par
\par
"Do whatever you want," quoth Much, who sulketh and looketh away all too quickly.  Methinks the lad be not comfortable arguing with Robin.\par
\par
"Fine." Robin taketh up his bow, and bids thee take thine own.  "Let's get moving."\par
\par
\par
\ul THE SCRIPT: SCENE 2\ulnone\par
\par
"Ah, the old archery range.  Good times, eh?  I think we've got some time before Mass, so how about a bit of archery practice?  I'll give you 3 to 1 odds: three pennies to you for every target you hit, if you'll give me one for every target I hit."\par
\par
"Thou shalt be the poorer man for this, I'll wager!"\par
\par
"Yeah, yeah, notch up and shoot the targets already."\par
\par
>Shoot target\par
[you miss] Thy arrow is unfortunately wide of the target.  Robin doth smirk as he fitteth an arrow upon his own bowstring.\par
[you hit] Well shot!  Thou art another three pennies ahead of thy companion!\par
[you hit] Thy arrow seemeth to shimmer in its flight, and striketh the target but close to the edge.  A lucky shot indeed!\par
\par
Robin doth raise up his bow and let fly his shot, straight and true, to the heart of the target.  Well shot, indeed.\par
\par
Robin doth shoot his arrow, which misseth the target by a hair.  With a scowl, he bids thee take thy turn.\par
\par
Robin shooteth, but scoreth not.\par
\par
\par
\ul SCRIPT: SCENE 3 (YOU LOSE THE ARCHERY CONTEST)\ulnone\par
[go to Conversation C06.01, node 11]\par
\par
\ul THE SCRIPT: SCENE 3 (YOU WIN THE ARCHERY CONTEST)\ulnone\par
\par
Thou art a full two shillings, or four-and-twenty pennies, ahead of thy companion.  Verily, thou hast won the contest.  With ill humour, Robin doth gather up the arrows and prepareth to continue upon his way to Nottingham.\par
\par
>(Anything other than asking Robin to pay you what he owes)\par
Wait, did Robin not promise to pay thee three pennies for every target thou didst hit?  Thou must demand of him this payment, for it is in the script, and so thou does. [go to Conversation C06.01, node 01]\par
\par
>Ask Robin/Aidan about pennies/shillings/wager/money/winnings\par
>Ask Robin/Aidan for pennies/shillings/wager/money/winnings\par
>Talk to Robin/Aidan\par
[go to Conversation C06.01, node 01]\par
\par
\ul CONVERSATION C06.01\ulnone\par
1) "Robin, I have won of thee fairly two shillings, and would have thee pay me what thou owest."\par
\par
"Don't be stupid.  I don't owe you any such thing.  And for goodness' sake, drop the fake Shakespeare already.  It's not even the right time period for Robin Hood."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 2. "Verily thou owest me that much, and I demand it of thee!"\par
5. "You do so owe me two shillings!  Cough it up!"\par
2. "C'mon, it's in character, anyway.  Pay unto me the two shillings, as thou didst promise!"\par
\pard\qj\par
2) "And you are a miserable liar!  Shut up and get moving or we'll be late for church!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 6. "Nay, 'tis thou who art the liar!  Thou dost so owe me two shillings!"\par
3. "Nay, I shall not, for thou art a faithless master and I shall have none of thee!  If thou goest, thou goest alone!"\par
9. "Very well, if thou insists upon it.  Let us go on."\par
\pard\qj\par
3) Thou canst practically hear the applause in the peanut gallery.  [go to 4]\par
\par
4) Thou turnst upon thy heel to stride off, but Aidan doth grab thee by the shoulder and spins thee around to face him.  "Don't you DARE turn your back on me!" he roars.  [Go to section: End of Chapter]\par
\par
5) 'Tis prudent, perhaps, to affect normal speech for the nonce, lest thy brother explode.  Quoth he, "well, it's about time.  I still say either you're a liar or you flunked basic math, and I don't owe you anything.  Now pack up and let's get moving."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 7. "First you pay me what you owe!"\par
4. "Forget it.  If you're going to be this way, I'm out of here and you can go to Nottingham church alone."\par
9. "Okay, okay, you win.  Let's just move on, shall we?"\par
\pard\qj\par
6) "Do not!"\par
\par
\tab 6. "Dost so!"\par
\pard\li720\qj 3. "Thou art a faithless master and I shall have no more of thee!  If thou goest to Nottingham, thou goest alone!"\par
9. "Very well, if thou insists upon it.  Let us go on."\par
\pard\qj\par
7) "Will you shut up about the two shillings already? I don't owe you anything!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 8. "Yeah, you do!"\par
4. "Fine, be that way, but be that way alone.  I'm out of here."\par
9. "Okay, okay, you win.  Let's just move on, shall we?"\par
\pard\qj\par
8) "Do not!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 8. "Do so!"\par
4. "Fine, be that way, but be that way alone.  I'm out of here."\par
9. "Okay, okay, you win.  Let's just move on, shall we?"\par
\pard\qj\par
9) Aidan is triumphant, but alas he doth realise too late how such victory wouldst change the script. "Hold it right there, what's that supposed to mean?  We're supposed to part ways here.  Are you trying to ruin the story?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 10. "Then pay me my two shillings!"\par
10. "Um."\par
10. "Uh."\par
10. "Oops?"\par
10. Try to improvise something.\par
\pard\qj\par
10) Aidan's face doth turn scarlet with rage.  "Why, you little --" [go to section: End of Chapter]\par
\par
11) "All right, then," quoth Robin, "I think you owe me two shillings."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 12. "Verily I do not; methinks thou hast miscounted."\par
14. "Very well, here are thy two shillings.  'Twas a good game, aye?\par
\pard\qj\par
12) "Don't lie to me.  You know you owe me two shillings, so cough them up, now!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 13. "Thou art clearly mistaken!  Now let us not argue, but be upon our way."\par
14. "Very well, here are thy two shillings, and let us argue no further."\par
\pard\qj\par
13) "I am not mistaken!"  The rage is upon Robin as it hath never been before; verily, it frightens thee, and thou takest a step back in fear.  Robin advances upon thee, the light of menace in his eye.  "Are you going to pay me or not?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 3. "Nay!  And I shall have no more of thy money-grubbing!  If thou goest to Nottingham church, thou goest alone!"\par
3. "Take then thy two filthy shillings, for thou shalt have none of me!  Fare thee well!"\par
14. "Er, um, aye, if it pleaseth thee, here are thy two shillings."\par
\pard\qj\par
14) Aidan is triumphant, but alas he doth realise too late how such victory wouldst change the script. "Hold it right there, what's that supposed to mean?  We're supposed to part ways here.  Are you trying to ruin the story?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 10. "So, thou seest that I was in the right!"\par
10. "Um."\par
10. "Uh."\par
10. "Oops?"\par
10. Try to improvise something.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\ul END OF CHAPTER\ulnone\par
Aidan ('tis useless now to call him "Robin", for he hath dropped all pretence of playing the part) doth take a menacing step towards you, forcing you to backpedal in alarm.  You can sense the rush of emotion in and around him, like a hurricane, building in intensity.  He raises a fist to make a point, but you have no idea what he's saying because the force of his emotion has, at that point, suddenly exploded in your face, knocking you flat out on your back.\par
\par
The next thing you know, you are sitting up outside the simulation room.  Brad, your counsellor is kneeling beside you, a concerned look on his face.  "Whew, almost thought we'd have to ship you over to the hospital again.  You okay?  I'm afraid we can't put you back into the sim as Little John: we didn't know how long you'd be out, so we let someone else take your place."\par
\par
Behind him, you can see Aidan apologising madly to the other counsellors.  Clearly he's been pulled out of the sim, too, and been replaced.  But there's something wrong with the picture ... it isn't until later that you realise that this time, unlike the incident with Stacy's robot, he really doesn't care whether or not he did anything wrong....\par
}
 