{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24 AIDAN (pre-rampage)\par
Aidan is your big brother.  He looks quite a lot like you, only taller and broader.  He's pretty cool; he just turned 15 a couple of months ago, but hasn't gotten too cool to be seen with you yet.  On the other hand, if your secret plot to grow up just like him works out, he'll never get too cool for you.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul Actions\ulnone\par
\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  No way, Mom would kill you.  After she's done killing Aidan for killing you, because, let's face it, Aidan could probably break you in two with both hands tied behind his back.\par
\par
\i Kiss:\i0  You're a little too old for that sort of soppiness, don't you think?\par
\par
\i Push:\i0  [Chapter 1-2: You nudge Aidan with your elbow.  He nudges you back without thinking.] [Chapter 3, 5: He's too far away, and probably wouldn't appreciate it anyway.]\par
\par
\ul Conversation\ulnone\par
\i LEAP:\i0  \par
"Awesome, isn't it?  How're things working out for you so far?"\par
\pard\li1440\qj 1. "Yeah, it's been awesome!"\par
\pard\li2160\qj "Hey, I've been coming for years now, you don't have to tell me.  But if anything goes wrong, give me a shout, okay?"\par
\pard\li1440\qj 2. "Not so good...."\par
\pard\li2160\qj Aidan looks a little concerned.  "What's wrong?"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Damon Rose:\i0  \par
\cf1\highlight2 "Yeah, he was a pretty cool dude.  You remember, you met him last year.  I was kind of worried about how things were going to be this year, now he's gone and his sister's in charge, but so far it's been okay, I think."\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
\i Claudia Rose:\i0  \par
"She seems like a nice lady.  Kind of like everybody's favorite auntie, eh?"\par
\par
\i Brad Kramer:\i0  \par
"I never had him as a counselor, but he joined some of us for a game of basketball once, and I think he's pretty cool."\par
\par
\i Ava/Stacy:\i0  \par
"Oh yeah, she's your girlfriend, isn't she?"\par
"She is not!"\par
"Sure she isn't." Aidan grins in a way that makes you want to smack him. [if the player has asked about the other girl before:] "You're going to have to choose between one of those two girls one of these days, you know."\par
"She is NOT my girlfriend!"\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
AVA\par
You met Ava last year, here at LEAP.  She's a rosy-cheeked girl with long, brown pigtails; since last year, she's also acquired a pair of glasses that, she claims, make her look like a young Nana Mouskouri.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul Actions\ulnone\par
\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  No, how heartless could you possibly be?\par
\par
\i Kiss:\i0  Do that, and Aidan will never give up about Ava being your girrrrrlfriend.\par
\par
\ul Conversation\ulnone\par
\i Nana Mouskouri:\i0  \par
"She's my favorite singer!  She's got a fantastic voice!"  Ava begins to sing something about how only love can make a memory, before you stop her.  [Chapter 7: She sounds a little unsteady; clearly, she's making small talk to keep from panicking.]\par
\par
\i Music:\i0  \par
"I'm listening to a lot of folk music these days."  She names a few groups that you've never heard of, most of them from the Canadian maritime provinces.  "My parents got me a voice teacher last September, and she's from Halifax, Nova Scotia."  [Chapter 7: She sounds a little unsteady; clearly, she's making small talk to keep from panicking.]\par
\par
\i [SONG]:\i0  \par
"Oh no," Ava winces, "I spent way too much time practicing with that song after I started with the voice lessons.  It's kind of a silly song, anyway."\par
\par
\i Aidan:\i0  \par
[Chapters 1-2:] "I think your brother is kind of cute."  Ava giggles a little, then turns bright red. "You won't tell him I said that, will you?  I'd die!"\par
[Chapter 4:] "He looked pretty bad," Ava says, worriedly.  "I hope he'll be okay!"\par
[Chapter 7:] "He's gone crazy!  We've got to do something!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "I feel kind of sorry for him.  I mean, it wasn't exactly his fault that he went crazy, was it?  And now of course everyone's afraid he'll go crazy again."\par
\par
\i Stacy:\i0  \par
[Chapter 7:] Ava wrings her hands.  "I wish Stacy were here!  She always has some bright idea to fix things!"\par
[Otherwise:] "She's so thin, I worry about her.  I mean, I know she eats okay, but ..." Ava sighs.  "If she weren't my best friend, I'd totally hate her."\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
STACY\par
You met Stacy last year, here at LEAP.  She's a skinny blonde girl with freckles and rather prominent front teeth.  She likes playing with gadgets, and is so full of nervous energy she could probably swallow an elephant and not gain an ounce of weight.  [if Stacy is wearing the straw hat]  She's also wearing a neat little straw hat with a pink ribbon trailing behind.  [if Stacy is wearing any other sort of hat]  She's also wearing a deerstalker cap with a completely inappropriate daisy stuck into one flap.  [if Stacy is wearing any other sort of hat]  She's also wearing a rather dashing purple hat with a wide, floppy brim.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul Actions\ulnone\par
\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  Only if you want a screwdriver in your ribs.\par
\par
\i Kiss:\i0  Aidan makes enough fun of you and your "girlfriends" as it is.  Do you really want to give him any more ammo than he already thinks he has?\par
\par
\ul Conversation\ulnone\par
\i Aidan:\i0  \par
[Chapters 1-2:] "He's pretty good with electrical gadgets and that sort of thing.  We've got that robotics class coming up on Friday, and I'd really like to see what he comes up with."\par
[Chapter 4, in corridor:] "Ava knows more," Stacy mutters. "I'm just as curious as you."\par
[Chapter 5:] "I'd like to see what he's building, but I guess I can wait until the end of class.  Bet it won't come close to beating the Stacy Alexander Robot Guy, though!"\par
[Chapter 6:] "He's your brother.  I have nothing to say."\par
[Chapter 10:] [see Chapter Ten]\par
\par
\i Ava:\i0\par
"Ava worries too much about everything," Stacy says.  "I tell her to stop, but she just won't listen."\par
\par
\i Hat:\i0\par
[Chapter 1, she has a hat and you don't:] [See conversation C01.01]\par
[Chapter 2, you have a hat and she doesn't:] "If you destroy that hat, I'm going to destroy you, so watch it."\par
[otherwise:] "Everything's better with hats!"\par
\par
\par
\pard\qj LUCIAN\par
Lucian's a little shrimp of a newbie.  He looks rather pale and colorless, with thin white-blonde hair plastered close to his scalp.  In short, he's rather typical bully-bait.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul Actions\ulnone\par
\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  You've never been a bully, and you're not about to start now.\par
\par
\i Kiss:\i0  Not on your life.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
CLAUDIA\par
\cf1\highlight2 Dr Claudia Rose is old Damon Rose's sister.  She's got twinkly blue eyes and curly white hair (despite being not yet 40) and is just enough on the plump side to look like she should be baking Christmas cookies.  But actually, she's a doctor of some sort, and isn't at the LEAP camp quite as often as her brother used to be.\par
\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
MICHELLE\par
Michelle Close is one of the counselors.  She's slightly untidy-looking, with a big explosion of curly black hair and a pencil tucked behind one ear.\par
\par
\par
BRAD\par
Brad Kramer, your counselor for this year, looks like a typical jock, complete with a baseball cap and an ever-present wad of chewing gum lodged in one cheek.  He's been pretty awesome so far, though.\par
\par
\par
ANTONIA\par
Antonia Long is doing a Ph.D. in electrical engineering, and devoting part of her summer to teaching kids like you how to build and program your own robots.  She has frizzy red hair (she was a blonde last year) and a pleasant goat-like face.  She also has an unfortunate tendency to get drawn into technical discussions that make her forget about everyone and everything else.  You're not likely to get her attention right now: she's stuck trying to explain things to some of the less tech-savvy students in the class.\par
\par
\par
HANK\par
Hank is short, scruffy, and mean-looking.  He looks more like a specimen from a class on prehistoric evolutionary history than another brainy LEAP camper.\par
\par
\par
JOE\par
Joe is a tall, weedy fellow a couple of years older than you.  You suppose he must be pretty bright to have gotten in here, but you'd never guess it to look at him.\par
\par
\par
ROBIN HOOD\par
Thy brother in arms -- and indeed, thy brother Aidan.  There is not a nobler fellow in all of merry old England.\par
\par
\par
MUCH THE MILLER'S SON\par
Much, a fine fellow, is played this day by thy friend Stacy.  She -- or he -- has been pleased to take but a small speaking role, that she might explore the simulation at her leisure when thou and thy brother are gone to the next scene.\par
\par
\par
THE THIEF\par
He is a lean and hungry-looking gentleman, though perhaps "gentleman" is the wrong word here.  He's more of a ruffian and a scoundrel, really.  A thief.  He's dressed all in black, and wears a black domino mask.  The mask hides his eyes, and the rest of his features seem somehow obscure.  [In the Deepest Place:]This time round, he's armed with the meanest, wickedest knife you've ever seen.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul Actions\ulnone\par
\i Hit, kill, attack, etc.:\i0\par
[in the Thief's Den:] \par
\pard\li1440\qj [Strike 1:] You leap high into the air, turn a somersault and snap the heel off your right foot out into the thief's jaw, sending him sprawling.\par
[Strike 2:] You punch the thief in the face.  He deflects your fist to one side.  You pull your fist back to smack him in the back of his head.  He ducks and tries to ram into your stomach with his head.  You leapfrog over him and wind up behind him.  As he turns around to face you, you bring your fist up, and he hits your fist hard (ow) with his face.\par
[Strike 3:] You and the thief engage in a long flurry of strikes and parries, getting increasingly elaborate until your arms are hopelessly entangled in each other.  Then you headbutt him and goes down.\par
\pard\li720\qj [in the Deepest Place, not using a sword:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj [Random strike 1:] You leap high into the air, turn a somersault and snap the heel of your right foot at empty air: the thief, moving with fluid grace, slides around your blow with unnatural ease.\par
[Random strike 2:] You attack the thief in a bewildering blur of kung fu punches, which he meets with an equally bewildering blur of kung fu blocks and dodges.\par
[Random strike 3:] You punch the thief in the face.  The thief rocks back on his heels, avoiding your blow, and comes back up to slap you in the face.  It's more insult than injury, really.\par
[Random strike 4, with Aidan present:] You attack the thief just as Aidan launches his own attack.  Between the two of you, you manage to almost drive the thief back into a corner.  You even manage to get one or two good hits in.  But just when it looks like you might finally defeat him, the thief leaps over your heads and lands behind you, seemingly unharmed and ready for more.\par
[Random strike 4, without Aidan present:] You attack the thief and somehow manage to drive him into a corner.  But just when you think you might actually manage to hit him, he somehow manages to duck and slither out of your reach.\par
\pard\li720\qj [in the Deepest Place, using a sword:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj [Random strike 1:] You lunge at the thief with your sword, but he manages to catch the blade of your sword with his knife and redirect the force of your thrust into empty air.\par
[Random strike 2:] You feint towards the thief's head and, at the last minute, slash at his chest.  He isn't fooled, however, and parries your assault.\par
[Random strike 3:] You attack the thief in a series of quick sword-thrusts, moving faster than you ever thought you could; unfortunately, the thief moves even faster, and you fail to even scratch him.\par
[Random strike 4, with Aidan present:] You attack the thief just as Aidan launches his own attack, and between the two of you, you manage to corner the thief.  But just as you move in to deliver the final blow, the thief catches the blade of your sword and swings it towards Aidan, who pulls back just in time to avoid getting cut.  In the half-second it takes to sort yourselves out, the thief has escaped you again.\par
[Random strike 4, without Aidan present:] You attack the thief and somehow manage to nick him.  He glances at the scratch and sneers.\par
\pard\li720\qj [anywhere else:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj The thief smoothly avoids your attempt to kill him, and disappears once more into the shadows.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\pard\qj THE SHARK\par
It's a mean, dangerous-looking thing, all teeth and aggression.  You seem to remember reading that sharks are supposedly attracted by movement, or the smell of blood, but you can never remember which; this one, however, appears to be attracted by the glow of your sword.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
>Hit shark with sword\par
It's a bit tricky trying to attack anything while swimming, but you somehow manage to swing the sword at the shark at just the right moment.  Severely pained, the shark beats a hasty retreat.\par
\par
>Hit shark (without sword)\par
It's a bit tricky trying to attack anything while swimming, but you somehow manage to punch the shark squarely in the mouth ... which, considering it's a shark, is really not one of your better ideas.  To put it bluntly, the shark gobbles you up in double-quick time.\par
\par
>Drop sword\par
The shark follows the blue glow of the sword as it sinks into the depths of the lake, leaving you alone.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
}
 