{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
CHAPTER ONE\par
\par
\ul Newspaper\ulnone  (from vending machine)\par
You quickly scan the headlines.  War, pollution, corruption, crime, gas shortages ... why anyone would want to start their day with such a sour note, you do not know.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Fold:\i0  You pull out a section of the newspaper and quickly fold it into a sailboat.  Or a hat, one of the two: you never did figure out how to make those two things any different from each other.  [If the paper hat is already in existence]  You already have a paper hat (sailboat!) and you don't want to reduce the newspaper to a single page.  Not before you're supreme ruler of the world, anyway.\par
\par
\i Wave:\i0  You suppress the momentary urge to shout "readallaboudit!"  Hopefully nobody noticed.  That would be so embarrassing.\par
\par
\i Turn, open:\i0  Pollution, gas shortages, corruption, war and crime.  It just doesn't get any better inside, does it?\par
\par
\i Tear, break, destroy:\i0  You paid good money for this newspaper, you're not going to turn it into confetti until you've been properly depressed by it.\par
\par
\i Throw:\i0  The newspaper flutters open in the air, meets up with Mr Wind Resistance, and blows back to earth at your feet.  Thankfully (miraculously) it hasn't come apart so much that you can't quickly gather it all up together again.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Small change\ulnone  (from info desk)\par
You have a handful of coins, conveniently just enough.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Wave:\i0  Don't.  It's vulgar.\par
\par
\i Bite, eat:\i0  You have no idea how people figure out if their coins are counterfeit by biting them.  They all taste the same, far as you can tell.\par
\par
\i Throw:\i0  It doesn't grow on trees, you know.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Red Flag\ulnone  (from flag football)\par
It's a small red flag from the flag football option.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Wave:\i0  Only if you want to be dog-piled by a rabid gang of flag football players.\par
\par
\i Burn:\i0  Even if you had a source of fire, you're not exactly the flag-burning sort.\par
\par
\i Throw, drop:\i0  It flutters to the ground.  No flag football players notice.  Thank goodness.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Green Flag\ulnone  (from eggdrop option)\par
It's a stick with a bit of green fabric stuck on one end.  Not bad, if you do say so yourself; not bad at all.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Wave:\i0  Yay!\par
\par
\i Burn:\i0  After all the work you put into putting this together?\par
\par
\i Throw:\i0  It flutters to the ground.  You're not quite cool enough to have it stick into your target pointy-end down and start fluttering in the wind.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul stick, skewer\ulnone  (from Rooftop)\par
It's a wooden skewer, the sort used to make shish-kebab.  You like to think of it as an overgrown toothpick.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Wave:\i0  You wave the little wooden skewer menacingly.  You almost hear your mother shouting that you'll put an eye out if you're not careful.\par
\par
\i Throw:\i0  You throw the skewer.  It hits the ground with rather less fanfare than the act of throwing pointy objects in a school environment should elicit.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul cloth, green fabric\ulnone  (from Rooftop)\par
You have a small, square bit of green cloth.  It's barely big enough to serve as a handkerchief for a garden gnome.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Wave:\i0  It isn't quite a flag, nor is it a white hanky.  You look silly waving it around.\par
\par
\i Throw:\i0  Thrown, but, without any appreciable weight attached, it doesn't go very far.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul feather\ulnone  (from Rooftop)\par
\b [feather was taken from Rooftop or from Courtyard:]\b0  You have a feather.  It's a rather strange shade of blue that probably doesn't exist in nature.\par
\b [feather was taken from fountain:] You have a feather, which looks as though it might have come off of a pigeon.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Throw, drop:\i0  The feather floats gently down to the ground\par
\par
\i Smell:\i0  The feather tickles your nose and makes you sneeze.\par
\par
\i Wear:\i0  You tuck the feather behind your ear for a moment, and almost lose the thing.  The feather, I mean, not your ear.\par
\par
\i Put feather in hat:\i0  Winning this might be the "feather in your cap", but now is probably not the time to be decorating your headgear.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul star\ulnone  \par
It's a five-pointed star from the third floor decorations pouch.  You wonder which star it's supposed to be.  Probably one of those dull ones with lots of greek letters and numbers in its name.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Throw:\i0  Thrown, but it's not a throwing star, you know.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul celebrity cutout\ulnone  \par
It's a small cutout of Charlie Chaplin.  He looks alarmingly like Adolf Hitler, only with curly hair.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, kick, destroy, etc:\i0  Much as he looks like Hitler, you can't bring yourself to do anything so nasty to that lovable old tramp Charlie Chaplin.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul dinosaur, diplodocus\ulnone  \par
You can't really get more generic, as far as dinosaurs go, as a diplodocus.  Never mind that there were thousands of other species of giant lizards roaming the earth once upon a time.  The purple color of this little plastic diplodocus is probably an example of artistic licence, however.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, kick, destroy, etc:\i0  Are you sure you want to be the cause of the extinction of the plastic diplodocus?\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul paper hat\ulnone  \par
A hat, or possibly a boat, folded from newspaper.  Not bad, if you do say so yourself.  At least until the newsprint ink comes off on someone's forehead.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Wear:\i0  You put on the paper hat, and hope that you won't be wearing ink on your forehead when you take it off.\par
\par
\i Remove:\i0  [after wearing] You remove the hat and run a hand over your forehead to (hopefully) remove any traces of newsprint ink.\par
\par
\i Fold:\i0  You crease the hat a little more and tuck in a stray corner.  It still looks like a sailboat pretending to be a hat.  Or a hat pretending to be a sailboat.\par
\par
\i Unfold, tear, hit, kick, destroy, etc:\i0  After all the nominal work you put into crafting this exceptional piece of work?  Well, maybe later.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul straw hat, bonnet\ulnone  \par
This little straw hat belongs to Stacy, and is decorated with a few paper flowers and a wide pink ribbon.  It's rather more feminine than you would expect from someone who spends half her time playing with screwdrivers.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, kick, destroy, etc:\i0  Stacy would kill you if you killed her hat.\par
\par
\i Wear:\i0  But it's a girl's hat!\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul a few blades of grass\ulnone  \par
They're green, at least for now.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, kick, destroy, etc:\i0  Have some respect for the dead, you grass-killer.\par
\par
\i Eat:\i0  That's not food, that's what food eats.\par
\par
\i Drop, throw:\i0  [if the player is in the Courtyard, Calvin Field North, Calvin Field South, or the Front Lawn:] The grass flutters down to the, er, grass and is immediately lost, presumably gone to the great grass graveyard.\par
[Otherwise, proceed as normal.]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul\b LEAP flyer\ulnone\par
[Flyer is folded:] You can't read the flyer while it's all folded up into a boat.  Or a hat, but you can't quite convince yourself that that is what it is, so mostly it looks like a boat.\par
[Otherwise:]\par
Welcome to LEAP!\par
\par
LEAP (Learning Enrichment Activity Program) is a summer camp like no other, focussed on stimulating intelligent young minds with a variety of fun activities and classes not offered in the normal educational curriculum.  The brainchild of the late Professor Damon Rose, LEAP is hosted by the University of Colorado at Valmont and benefits from the same facilities and amenities as the students of the university, including a world-renown library, state-of-the-art technology, and some of the best educational experts the world has to offer....\par
\par
(The flyer goes on rather a bit about all the wonderful things you could experience here.  Most of it is even true, as you and your brother Aidan have had the pleasure of discovering over your time here.  And there's also a little bit at the back about Damon Rose, who died in an accident some months ago.  His sister, Dr Claudia Rose, is currently in charge of the program, though only temporarily: she's a medical research specialist, not an educator.  It will be a while before the University can find a really suitable replacement for old Damon Rose.)\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Eat:\i0  You've already swallowed the sales pitch.\par
\par
\i Fold:\i0  [flyer is not folded] You fold the flyer into a boat.  Or is it a hat?  It's hard to tell, but given that it's too small to wear, it must be a boat.  A boat for very small people.\par
[flyer is folded] It's already all folded up.\par
\par
\i Unfold, open:\i0  [flyer is folded] You flatten out the flyer once more.\par
[flyer is not folded] It's as unfolded as paperly possible.\par
\par
\i Wear:\i0  You balance the flyer on your head for a moment, and then it falls off.\par
\par
\i Show flyer to Michelle:\i0  [flyer is folded:] "That's a nice boat," she says, "but I don't think it's on your list, is it?"\par
[flyer is not folded:] There's no point in that; she's probably already seen it a million times before.\par
\par
\i Wave:\i0  The flyer flaps in the wind.\par
\par
\i Smell:\i0  It smells of paper and ink.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
CHAPTER TWO\par
\par
\lang2057\ul Laptop\ulnone  (on the desk in Aidan's room)\par
Rows of text line the screen.  There appear to be neither pictures nor conversation, which makes you wonder at the point of whatever it is that is running there.\par
\par
\par
\ul Photograph\ulnone  (on the desk in Aidan's room; also available for Chapter 8)\par
You remember when this was taken.  It was last year, while waiting for the traffic jam to clear on Second Avenue, on your way home.  The last streaks of color from the sunset are just clearing in the background, and both Aidan and you are grinning stupidly for Dad's camera as you stand as close to the edge of the cliff (escarpment?) as you can without giving Mom a heart attack.\par
\lang4105\par
\pard\li720\qj >Show photograph to Aidan\par
[Chapter Two:] Aidan grins.  "We really got it from Mom over how close we got to the edge, didn't we?  Worth it, though."  You distinctly remember Mom giving Aidan a long lecture about how as the older brother he's responsible for your safety and all that.  It was kind of embarrassing, especially since she slipped a couple of times and referred to you as the "baby brother".\par
[Chapter Eight:] Aidan swings around slowly as you direct his attention towards the photograph.  He pauses, a low growl sounding in the back of his throat.  He shifts from one foot to the other, almost uncertainly.  To your relief, you detect that pure-white sense of brotherly concern (brotherly love?) that you remember from the incident in the dining hall last week, sparking up and wavering in the middle of all that black aggression.\par
\par
\b >Take photograph\par
[Chapter Two:] You don't need any of Aidan's things.  Not now, anyway.\par
[Chapter Eight:] You grab the photograph.  Aidan wouldn't have put it here unless it meant something to him, right?  Enough to distract him, maybe?\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\ul Earth crystal\ulnone  \par
This is a rather heavy cube of pure crystal, with an image of the earth etched into its interior.  Though it appears clear when you look down at it, it seems to glow slightly violet when you hold it up to the light.\par
\par
\par
CHAPTER THREE\par
\par
\ul Your dinner, \b food\ulnone\b0  \par
Don't eat school dinners, just toss them aside!\par
A lot of kids didn't, a lot of kids died!\par
The meat is of metal, the spuds are of steel,\par
And if they don't kill you, the pudding will!\par
\par
Seriously, the food's about the only down side to the LEAP camp.  It looks okay, but there's this sickly sweet aftertaste, like they used fake sugar in everything.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Eat:\i0  You shovel another forkful of your dinner into your mouth and swallow it as quickly as you can.  Unfortunately, you still don't quite manage to escape the aftertaste.\par
\par
\i Smell:\i0  It smells innocent enough, anyway.  But smells can be deceiving.\par
\par
\b\i Take:\i0  You're kidding, right?\par
\par
\i Throw:\i0  Your mother would have a fit if she knew.\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\par
CHAPTER FOUR\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
CHAPTER FIVE\par
\par
\ul SARG\ulnone  \par
That's the Stacy Alexander Robot Guy.  It (he?) is designed to look a little more like an actual person than most of the other things being built around here.  Stacy says she designed him (it?) this way "for the challenge".\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, break, etc.:\i0  No, what kind of horrible person would purposely do that to someone else's hard work?\par
\par
\i Touch, take, etc.:\i0  Stacy pushes your hand away.  "He's not ready yet, Daniel."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul\b Your robot, DWaRG\ulnone\par
Your robot looks like a metal toilet roll balanced on top of a model army tank, with a pair of chopsticks hanging off the top.  In fact, the "chopsticks" are arms with magnetic ends, designed to pick up little metal ball-bearings; the cylindrical body contains ten slots for data blocks, and the "tank" bottom ... well, that's how your robot moves around.  It's easier than trying to create actual legs, as Stacy has done on hers.  There's also a friendly-looking red button on top of its head, labelled "push me!"\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul [First, second, third, etc.] Slot\ulnone\par
It's just the right size to hold one of your pre-programmed data blocks.  [if slot contains a data block]Currently, the [data block] is nestled comfortably inside the slot.  [otherwise]The slot is currently empty.\par
\par
\ul Tenth slot\ulnone\par
It's about the right size to hold one of your pre-programmed data blocks, though an accident with a certain special screwdriver (and someone who shall remain nameless but who is sitting right beside you) has made it a little looser than the others.  [if slot contains a data block]Currently, the [data block] is nestled inside the slot.  [otherwise]The slot is currently empty.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Insert data block in Xth slot\par
The block slides into place with a satisfying click.\par
\par
>Remove data block from slot\par
A spring-loaded mechanism hidden in the back of the slot pops the block right out into your hand.\par
\par
>Insert (something else) in slot\par
The last time you tried something funny like that, you almost broke the poor thing.  The tenth slot has never fully recovered from the ordeal.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\ul head\par
\ulnone The robot's head looks like a ping-pong ball perched on the very top of the cylindrical body.  There is a button on top of it, labelled "push me!"\par
\par
\ul chopsticks, arms, magnets\ulnone\par
The robot's arms are long and straight, with electromagnetic ends.  If the programming sequence is correct, they should be able to either pick up little ball bearings or drop them as required.\par
\par
\ul button\ulnone\par
This is basically the on-off switch for your robot.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Push button\par
[See Chapter 05 text]\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
>Focus on robot\par
You already are.\par
\par
>Insert something in robot\par
The robot has ten available slots in which to put the data blocks containing the code you programmed earlier.\par
\par
>Attack, break robot\par
After all your hard work?  Not likely!\par
\par
>Kiss robot\par
Much as you love the little guy, that would only get you a lot of funny looks from the people around you.\par
\par
\pard\qj\ul wicker basket\ulnone\par
Sitting on one side, nearly at Stacy's elbow, is a basket containing a handful of metal marbles, or ball bearings.  You're trying to get your robot to accomplish the simple task of moving all the marbles one by one from that basket to the metal bowl.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul metal marbles, ball bearings\ulnone\par
There's not much interesting about them, other than the fact that they're round and metallic.  And that they bounce like mad when you drop them.  And that they're easily lost.  So don't drop them.\par
\par
>Drop marble, empty basket\par
[even though player is not carrying any marbles:] No!  You spent ages looking for the stupid things the last time you dropped them!\par
\par
>Take marble\par
You pick up a marble and inspect it.  Nothing has changed since the last time you looked at it.  You put it back.\par
\par
>Eat marble\par
The dining hall food isn't quite that bad.  And anyway the marble tastes of metal.\par
\par
\pard\qj\ul metal bowl\ulnone\par
Sitting on one lonely side is a metal bowl, waiting to be filled with little metal marbles.  Hopefully it won't have to wait very long.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj >Put something (other than marbles) in bowl\par
The bowl's meant for metal marbles.  Anything else might confuse your robot.  Or, at least, it might once you've unscrambled your code.\par
\par
>Fill bowl with marbles\par
That's the idea.  Now, to get your robot to do your dirty work for you.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Data blocks\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul Mint Green\ulnone\par
It reminds you of mint-flavored ice-cream, though ice-cream probably does not have the following code imprinted on every scoop:\par
begin loop \{\par
\tab if (facing_source_basket) \{\par
\tab\tab if (holding_marble) \{\par
\par
\ul Saffron\ulnone\par
It's a delightful yellow color, quite similar to the golden-colored data block, but more yellow.  Once upon a time, only the Emperor of China was allowed to wear this particular shade of yellow.  Imprinted on the block is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\tab turn_to_destination_basket;\par
\tab\tab\} else \{\par
\tab\tab\tab if (last_used == left) \{\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab pick_up_with_right;\par
\par
\ul Forest Green\ulnone\par
It's a much darker shade of green than the mint green block, but it's still green nonetheless.  Imprinted on it is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab last_used = right;\par
\tab\tab\tab\} else \{\par
\par
\ul Royal Purple\ulnone\par
Apparently only the Queen of England is allowed to wear this particular shade of purple.  Imprinted on the block is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab pick_up_with_left;\par
\par
\ul Copper\ulnone\par
This data block is the color of a penny.  Imprinted on it is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab last_used = left;\par
\tab\tab\tab\}\par
\par
\ul Baby Blue\ulnone\par
This block is a pale, pale blue.  Imprinted on it is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\tab holding_marble = true;\par
\tab\tab\tab turn_to_destination_basket;\par
\par
\ul Scarlet\ulnone\par
It's red.  All the other data block colors have fancy names, and you didn't want this one to feel left out.  Imprinted on it is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\}\par
\tab\} else \{\par
\par
\ul Magenta\ulnone\par
It's a sort of reddish-purple, not quite royal and not quite scarlet.  Imprinted on the block is the following code:\par
\tab\tab if (holding_marble) \{\par
\tab\tab\tab drop_marble_in_basket;\par
\par
\ul Golden\ulnone\par
It's a delightful yellow color, quite similar to the saffron-colored data block, but more metallic.  Imprinted on it is the following code:\par
\tab\tab\}\par
\tab\tab turn_to_source_basket;\par
\par
\ul Hot Pink\ulnone\par
It's even pinker than your favorite tummy-ache medication.  Which you may need lots of after the food they serve in the dining hall.  Anyway, imprinted on the block is the following code:\par
\tab\}\par
if (source_basket_is_empty) then end loop.\b0\par
\par
\pard\qj\par
CHAPTER SIX\par
\par
\ul Scroll\ulnone\par
Upon the scroll that thou holdest, is a screen of cunning devise, that displayeth to thee what information thou desires.  Forsooth, the scroll is but a disguise for the screen.  Thy goal in this simulation is writ across the bottom of the screen, at present: "[Cheer Robin up][Accompany Robin to Nottingham.][Win two shillings (24 pennies) from Robin.][Get Robin to pay you what he owes.]"  ('Tis unfortunate the language of thy scroll doth lack something of the flavor of the simulation.)\par
\par
\ul Silver arrow\ulnone\par
'Tis a cunning pointer indeed.  Thou has but to point it at whatsoever object thou wishes, and it shall cause information about that object to appear upon thy scroll.\par
\par
\par
CHAPTER SEVEN\par
\par
\ul Screwdriver\ulnone\par
It's one of those screwdrivers with the nifty interchangeable heads, all stored inside the hollow handle.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Change, \b Open\b0 :\i0  You'll do that when you have a screw to unscrew.  Right now, you don't have the time to waste playing with screwdriver heads.\par
\par
\i Drink:\i0  It's not that kind of screwdriver.  And anyway you're underage.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
CHAPTER EIGHT\par
\par
\ul Key\ulnone  \par
This is the key to Aidan's room.  You really don't have the time right now to examine it any closer than that.\par
\par
\ul Photograph\ulnone\par
[See Chapter Two]\par
\par
\par
\par
CHAPTER NINE\par
\par
\ul Binoculars\ulnone\par
It looks like the one Mom uses for her birdwatching, only much cleaner and less battered.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Look through\i0 :\par
[In Mountain View, birds present:] Looking through the binoculars, you see that the shifting, undulating black shape on the faraway mountain is in fact an enormous crowd of birds.  Ravens, crows, blackbirds, starlings, any and every species of bird with black plumage.  There's got to be millions of them milling about the mountain top!\par
[In Mountain View, birds gone, ice present:] You get a close up view of a version of Aidan that you never want to see up close again.\par
[In Mountain View, ice gone:] You see green pastures, and goats frolicking in the grass.\par
[In Crossroads, The Lake, Beneath The Surface, Lake Bottom, Land of the Dead:] Darkness there, and nothing more.\par
[In The Tree:] You still can't see the forest for the trees.\par
[Elsewhere:] You get a close-up view of a blank wall.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Brass Lantern\ulnone\par
The battered brass lantern is apparently battery-powered, and gives off a warm glow.  A warning etched into its bottom tells you not to immerse it in water, not to spindle, fold or mutilate it, and not to run with scissors.  The switch is stuck in the "on" position.\par
\par
\ul Rock\ulnone\par
Here you have a rock.  It is flat, perfectly round and smooth, and it fits perfectly in the palm of your hand, almost as if it were meant to be there.  The chances of finding another rock just like this must be astronomical.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Throw:\i0\par
[In Mountain View, birds still present:] The stone flies through the air, going faster and further and straighter than you ever thought possible, even with super-strength powering the throw.  It goes right into the undulating black mass on the mountain, and is lost.\par
\pard\li1440\qj [if the player is carrying the binoculars: [random 1: You whip your binoculars up to your eyes just in time to see two lonely shapes fall out of the blackness.  Two birds.  You have successfully killed two birds with one stone.  Two birds out of a few hundred million, but two birds nonetheless.] [random 2: You search the blackness for any sign of success, and find none.  It's nearly impossible to have missed, given how closely the birds in that mass of blackness crowd together, but trying to find the one dead bird out of all those millions is rather a futile mission.]\par
\pard\li720\qj [In Mountain View, birds all gone, ice still there:] The stone flies through the air, going faster and further and straighter than you ever thought possible, even if you were to use some sort of biblical slingshot to power the throw.  A second after you lose sight of it, you hear a high-pitched "clink!" and see cracks begin to radiate out from the middle of the mountain top.  Then, the ice shatters into a dozen pieces, which slide from the mountain top and fall into the clouds below.  Almost a full minute later, you hear the echoes of something breaking far below, followed by several splashes.\par
[In Mountain View, ice all gone:] The stone flies through the air and eventually disappears into the distance.\par
[At The Lake, ice still present:] The stone skitters across the surface of the ice, barely raising more than a chip, and disappears into the darkness.\par
[At The Lake, ice all gone:] The stone skips merrily across the surface of the lake.  You can still hear it splashing across the waters long after you lose sight of it.\par
[otherwise:] [just drop it]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Ring\ulnone\par
This ring feels inexplicably warm.  For some reason, it reminds you of Aidan sitting at a bonfire, playing his guitar and singing selections from Johnny Cash.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Wear:\i0\par
[no rings currently worn:] As you slip the ring onto your finger, you are filled with warmth, as if you were sunbathing on the hottest, sunniest day of summer.\par
[one ring already worn:] You slip another ring onto your finger, and now the warmth turns into an uncomfortable heat.  It's worse than a sauna.\par
\par
\i Remove:\i0\par
[currently wearing two rings:] And not a moment too soon: the unbearable heat quickly ratchets down to a comfortable warmth.\par
[currently wearing just the one ring:] You remove the ring, and the warmth leaves you.  The coolness of your surroundings suddenly seems uncomfortably noticeable.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Essay\ulnone\par
[initial:] The writing is all faded and barely discernible, but the teacher's comments slashed in red across the top of the first page seem overwhelmingly bright.  "This is too well-written to be your own work.  F."  You remember this quite well: it was in fact Aidan's own work, and he seethed for days afterwards.  The paper itself feels strangely dry and pliant.\par
[after Lake has been clarified] Aidan's neat handwriting lines the pages of the essay, standing out very black against the white of the paper.  The teacher's comments, red across the top of the first page, seems faded in comparison.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Read:\i0  You don't really have the time right now.  Besides, Aidan's ranted enough about this, back when it actually happened, that you've already heard more than you ever wanted to know.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Scuba diving gear\ulnone\par
It's standard issue Scuba diving gear.  You remember Dad showing you how it all worked, once, though you've never actually tried it.  [After having entered the lake while wearing the Scuba diving gear: Well, not in the real world, anyway.]\par
\par
\ul Mask\ulnone\par
It's a simple black domino mask.  It's a wonder how such a tiny little thing could make a mystery out of someone's face, and yet somehow it does.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Remove:\ul\i0\par
[\ulnone Thief is alive and kicking:] The thief swats your hand away and blows you a loud raspberry.\par
[Thief is knocked out:] You unmask the thief, revealing ... yourself!  You get the uncomfortable feeling that Aidan's feelings towards you might not always have been sweetness and light, even before the psychotic episodes.  You drop the mask beside the thief, unwilling to make yourself any more like him than you already are.\par
\par
\i Get, wear:\i0\par
[Thief is wearing the mask:] [>Remove mask]\par
[otherwise:] You have no desire to touch the cursed thing.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Night vision goggles\ulnone\par
They look like military-issue night-vision goggles.  A small image of a domino mask has been stencilled onto one side.\par
\par
\par
\ul Sword of Elvish Antiquity\ulnone\par
You don't know all that much about swords, but even so you can tell that the workmanship is impeccable.  [after sword has been picked up: It is lighter than it looks, and so perfectly balanced that it feels almost like an extension of your own arm.]  It is glowing with a pale blue light.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\b >Take sword\par
[First time; sword is in basalt block at Lake Bottom:] You grasp the handle and give it a little tug.  Nothing happens, but the hilt seems to warm to your touch.  You tug again, and this time the blade slides smoothly out of the rock.  Strangely, you are still not the king of England.\par
[afterwards:] The sword seems to practically leap into your hands.\par
\par
>Pull sword\par
[sword is stuck in basalt block at Lake Bottom:] [try "take sword"]\par
[afterwards:] [standard failure message]\par
\par
>Wave sword\par
The sword makes a satisfying whooshing sound as you sweep it around.\par
\par
>Hit sword, kiss sword\par
You'll cut yourself that way.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Scroll of Exorcism\ulnone\par
It's a simple, unilluminated text, written in Latin.  You wouldn't know what it was if not for the English subtitle, "for the dispellation of ancient spirits".\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Read:\i0\par
[no spirits about:] The words sound alien and foreign, but seem to fill your mind to overflowing.  You stop before you get a full-blown headache.\par
[in Land Of The Dead, with spirits:] As you pronounce the first word, you seem to hear a solemn bell tolling in the distance; you can't quite tell if you can actually hear it or if it's just your empathic abilities trying  to interpret some new emotion.  The noisy clamor of the spirits turns into a dead hush.  The words of the text fills your mind, and the shape of the letters fills your eyes, and you know that your voice is ringing out across the wasteland with an authority you do not feel.  When you finally get to the end of the text and look up again, the spirits are gone.  You never saw or heard them leaving.  Looking down again, you see that the scroll has disappeared as well.\par
\pard\qj\par
}
 