{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
\par
\ul Back In The Hospital\ulnone\par
The room is, if anything, even more full of medical equipment than the last time you were here.  Aidan has been strapped into that coffin-thing that you woke up in back then, and trussed up so securely that it's a wonder they found anywhere to stick the wires monitoring his condition.  The door is back to the north.\par
\par
A pair of comfortable chairs have been wheeled in, along with a small table.  Dr Rose sits in one chair, watching you with concern.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i chairs\i0\par
A pair of comfortable chairs, the sort that worried relatives fall asleep in after keeping watch over the seriously ill or injured all night.\par
\par
\i table\i0\par
Small, round, and otherwise non-descript.  A tray with sandwiches and tea has been placed on it.\par
\par
\i tray\i0\par
Plastic, from the cafeteria.\par
\par
\i sandwiches\i0\par
There's a pile of tasty-looking finger-sized sandwiches in the middle of the tray.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Eat sandwich\par
Bleagh, it seems the hospital gets its food from the same place the LEAP camp does.  There's that cloying sweet fake-sugar taste again!\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i tea\i0\par
Tea.  It smells pretty good.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Drink tea\par
Bleagh, it seems the hospital gets its food from the same place the LEAP camp does.  There's that cloying sweet fake-sugar taste again!\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\ul Living Room\ulnone\par
You are standing in your living room.  At least, it looks just like your living room back home, [before rolling up the rug: except for the large oriental rug sitting right where the stairs used to be.] [after rolling up the rug: except for the trap door in the floor where the stairs used to be.]  The kitchen is off to the east, just as you remember it.  And Dad's trophy case, there in the corner, seems a little larger and more imposing than you remember, come to think of it.\par
\par
\b [On second visit to the Living Room:] It suddenly occurs to you that, aside from looking like your living room back home, this place also reminds you of that game Aidan's been playing on his laptop, for that class about text adventures.  There was a trophy case, too, and a trap door under an oriental rug.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i trophy case\i0\par
It's stuffed full of old report cards and the like; Dad's souvenirs and memoribilia are barely visible.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Open case\par
Try as you might, the trophy case will not open.  It's almost as if the whole thing were just a single, solid hunk of ... whatever it is that things in Aidan's mindscape are made of.\par
\par
>Break case\par
Your hand bounces soundlessly off the trophy case, which seems completely unharmed.  You, however, have a sore hand.\par
\par
>Break case with sword/stone / Throw rock at case\par
It bounces soundlessly off the trophy case.\par
\par
>Put essay in case\par
[Lake has not been clarified:] The air seems to thicken as you bring the essay closer to the trophy case.  You could almost swear you hear screaming.\par
[Lake has been clarified:] As you bring the essay close to the trophy case, you suddenly feel a tug on the essay.  The next thing you know, the essay is behind the glass, sitting among a collection of report cards.\par
\par
(Note: I do not think you need the essay any more, once the lake has been clarified.  Trying to get the essay out of the case should simply result in a standard "you can't reach it" failure message.)\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i cards, souvenirs, memoribilia\i0\par
You don't remember half of this stuff.  No wait, you do: you just never bother to think about it much.\par
\par
\i oriental rug\i0\par
It's slightly dusty, but clearly a high-quality Persian, worth at least 20% of what the carpet seller was originally asking.  [before rolling: It lies flat on the floor, its geometric pattern somehow creating an illusion of depth.] [after rolling: It's been rolled up and pushed to one side, revealing a trap door in the floor.]\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i trap door\i0\par
The trap door is an over-engineered affair of heavy oak and ironwork, not the sort of thing one expects to find in a modern suburban house.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Open trap door\par
The trap door pulls open with surprising ease, almost as if it were weightless.\par
\par
>Close trap door\par
The trap door falls shut again with a loud bang, sending billows of dust into the air.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Kitchen\ulnone\par
This looks almost exactly like your kitchen back home, except that the door to the basement is missing.  Also, there's a blank wall where the entrance to the dining room used to be.  The kitchen table is pushed up under a window, just as it has always been, but the chairs are missing.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i blank wall\i0\par
Why would anyone leave this wall intentionally blank?\par
\par
\i window\i0\par
It looks out onto the back yard.  Normally you'd be able to see the neighbouring houses, but nothing seems to exist beyond the back yard fence.\par
\par
\i table\i0\par
It's just a cheap work table that Mom has had since college.  It's very battered, but also very sturdy.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Mountain View\ulnone\par
The ground just drops away a short distance away from the house, descending straight down into the clouds miles below.  The only solid object you can see beyond the clouds is a mountain far off into the distance.  The only way back into the house is through the kitchen window.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i mountain\i0\par
[all birds are there] The mountain rises straight up from the clouds.  An amorphous black mass, a blot on the otherwise serene landscape, covers its peak.\par
[half the birds are gone] The mountain rises straight up from the clouds, its ice-covered peak glinting in the sunlight.  You think you can see a face in the ice, but it is obscured by a shifting black mass that, interestingly enough, seems to have taken the shape of a domino mask.\par
[all birds are gone] The mountain rises straight up from the clouds, its ice-covered peak glinting in the sunlight.  In the ice, you can see Aidan's face, scowling murderously back at you.\par
[ice is gone] The mountain rises straight up from the clouds.  Surprisingly, given the altitude, its peak is covered with green grass.  You think you can see goats frolicking about.\par
\par
\i shape, amorphous black mass\i0\par
[unassisted] It shifts slightly, enough so you can tell that it's not a single, solid entity.\par
[through binoculars] Birds!  Through the binoculars, you can see that the shifting cloud of blackness is made up of thousands of inky-black birds!\par
\par
\b\i birds (after the amorphous black shape has been identified as a lot of birds)\i0\par
You've never seen so many in one place before!  From here, they really look more like a floating shadow on the mountain.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Do anything to the birds or the black mass, other than throw stones\par
Not from this distance!\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i clouds\i0\par
You're higher up above the clouds than you have ever been, even in a plane, and if there's anything below those clouds, well, now is not the time to find out.\par
\par
\i house\i0\par
Well, it looks like your house.  Even though it contains only the living room and kitchen.  Most of the windows seem obscured, somehow, except for the kitchen window through which you got here in the first place.\par
\par
\i sun, sunlight\i0\par
The world may be filled with sunlight, but you can't see any other sign of the sun anywhere.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Crossroads\ulnone\par
You are standing at a crossroads.  A signpost indicates exits to the north, [if the red button in the maintenance room has been depressed: south,] east and west; the lamp perched on the top of the signpost does not illuminate enough of the room that you can actually see these exits, so having these indicators is a great help.  A spiral staircase leads back upwards.  You can faintly hear someone playing the blues on an alto sax.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Go northeast, northwest, southeast, or southwest.  Or south, when the red button has been depressed\par
[player has a lightsource:] You bravely march off into the shadows in that direction.  For a while, you can see nothing around you except for the ground at your feet and the shadows beyond the light ... and then you finally arrive at... [Crossroads]\par
[player has no lightsource:] You hesitantly walk off into the shadows, but turn back when it becomes clear that the lamplight from the signpost isn't going to penetrate far enough into the darkness to allow you to find anything.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i alto sax, blues\i0\par
It's very very film-noir.  Also, pervasive.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Listen / Listen to sax\par
You hear the wail of improvised saxaphone music.  You don't know much about this sort of music, but it does make you wish you had a trenchcoat and a fedora.\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i signpost\i0\par
West: Death and Maintenance.\par
East: Art, Enlightenment and Soul\par
North: Knowledge\par
[if the red button has not been depressed:] South: Alph\par
\par
\b\i lamp\i0\par
It's quite heavily battered, but continues to give off a pale, violet glow.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Get lamp, hit lamp\par
It's out of reach.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Xroads\ulnone\par
You are standing at an Xroads, which differ from a mere crossroads in that the roads go off diagonally, that is, to the northeast, southeast, [if the blue button in the Maintenance room has not been depressed: southwest] and northwest.  Another narrow path goes back west to the crossroads.\par
\par
\ul Right Corner / Passageway\ulnone\par
You are in a passageway that goes east and [west / north].  It seems absolutely ordinary in every way.\par
\par
\ul Obtuse Corner / Passageway\ulnone\par
You are in a passageway that goes west and [east / northeast].  It seems absolutely ordinary in every way.\par
\par
\ul Twisty Passages\ulnone\par
You are in a completely unsurprising maze of twisty passages, all alike.\par
\par
\ul Twisty Passages\ulnone\par
You are in a completely unsurprising maze of twisty passages, all alike.  Well, not all of them completely alike: the passage sloping upwards from here runs right beside a large rockfall.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i rockfall, \b rocks, pile of rocks\b0\i0\par
The rocks are round, flat, very smooth, and very regular.  They look as if each would fit quite comfortably in your palm.  Half-buried beneath the pile of rocks is a sign which says "Lair Sweet Lair".\par
\par
\i sign\i0\par
"Lair Sweet Lair".  It looks rather homey and comforting, all things considered.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul The Fork\ulnone\par
The shadowy passage from the east forks here, to the northwest and southwest.  A dim glow can be discerned at the end of the northwest fork; to the southwest, you can see only darkness.\par
\par
\ul The Land Of The Dead\ulnone\par
You are on a vast, perfectly flat plain of ice.  A platform of some sort has been built out of dry twigs in the middle of the plain; Aidan is lying on it, his arms crossed sedately over his chest.  [before exorcism: The spirits of the dead crowd all around, chanting and wailing and gibbering, and preventing you from approaching the platform.]  [after exorcism: It is completely and utterly silent.]\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Spirits\i0\par
There are shades of every sort of person from every sort of culture and time period, from Viking berserkers to Mandarin courtiers to Victorian fops.  None of them look particularly pleasant, presumably because any remotely nice members of the dearly departed have gone to heaven; which rather implies that this is The Other Place.\par
\par
\i Aidan\i0\par
[no rings on:] He looks grey and cold and lifeless.  His hands are crossed at the wrist, over his chest, fingers splayed.  For some reason, he's dressed up as Robin Hood.\par
[one ring on:] He looks like he's asleep.  His hands are crossed at the wrist, over his chest, fingers splayed.  For some reason, he's dressed up as Robin Hood.  A single gold ring glints on one finger.\par
[two rings on:] He looks feverish, like he's in pain.  He's wearing a pair of matching rings.\par
\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\lang2057 >Put ring on Aidan\par
[first ring:] As you slip the ring onto Aidan's finger, a warm glow seems to spread from his hands and up to his face.  He looks somehow peaceful, as if he were just taking a nap.\par
[second ring:] As you slip the second ring onto Aidan's finger, the heat around him increases and you begin to see steam rising from his body.  His face flushes with fever.  Meanwhile, there's a dry, crackling sound coming from the platform now, and the smell of scorching.\par
\par
>Remove ring from Aidan\par
[no rings left on Aidan:] Aidan's face turns grey and ashen as the temperature drops.\par
[one ring left on Aidan:] The temperature drops back down to something more comfortable, and Aidan himself loses the feverish look and returns to a more comfortable-looking state of unconsciousness.\par
\par
>Hit Aidan (with or without sword)\par
\lang4105 You can't bring yourself to attack your brother while he's down.  Also, given that you're currently walking around inside his head, killing him would probably be a very bad idea.\lang2057\par
\par
>Wake Aidan\par
He sleeps the sleep of the dead.  You only hope he's not actually dead.\par
\par
\b >Get Aidan / push Aidan / pull Aidan / move Aidan\par
You can't lift him.  And in any case, somehow the thought of moving him seems like a very bad idea.\lang4105\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Platform\i0\par
It looks rather uncomfortably like a funeral pyre.  It probably IS a funeral pyre.  So the last thing you want to do is to bring an open flame too close to it.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul The Tree\ulnone\par
You are standing in the middle of a forest, which is interesting because you cannot for the life of you remember the point at which the underground passageway, which you recall as being to the southeast, suddenly turned into a forest path.  Just as interesting is the gigantic tree here, towering high above all the other trees and penetrating the cloud cover far above.  [No puzzles solved: Lifeless and hollow, it's only a matter of time before it collapses and buries half the forest beneath it.] [A few puzzles solved: Withered and dry, it's only barely alive.  There's a hollow space inside that's almost large enough to live in.] [Most puzzles solved: It looks distinctly unhealthy, with a hollow knot big enough to stand in.] [All puzzles solved: Other than a few signs of blight about its trunk, it's remarkably healthy.]\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Tree\i0\par
[No puzzles solved:]  It's amazing that it's still standing at all.  It's so hollow that you could almost swear that it's all bark and nothing else.  Actually, looking into the hollow, you can see a ladder descending down into the tree's roots.\par
[A few puzzles solved:]  It's still alive, but only barely.  Through a hole in its side, you can see a hollow space as large as your living room back home, with a stair cut into the living wood leading down.\par
[Most puzzles solved:]  It doesn't look healthy, but it's mostly alive.  There's a hollow bit in its side that's just big enough for you to stand in.\par
[All puzzles solved:]  Except for its size, it looks like any other tree you've seen.  Solid and healthy, it could probably reign over the forest for a thousand years or so.\par
\par
\i Hollow\i0\par
[No puzzles solved:] It takes up the entire inside of the tree.  A ladder leads down into the tree's roots.\par
[A few puzzles solved:] It takes up a good portion of the tree trunk.  A stair, cut into the wood, spirals down into the tree's roots.\par
[Most puzzles solved:] It's just a hollow space in the side of the tree.  It's big enough to stand in, but that's all there is to it.\par
[All puzzles solved:] It's gone!\par
\par
\i Ladder\i0\par
It looks quite rickety, and descends deep beneath the tree.\par
\par
\i Stairs\i0\par
They're carved out from the living wood inside the tree, and descend deep beneath the tree.\par
\par
\i clouds\i0\par
They're fluffy and white and clearly indicate that you are outside rather than underground.  [If the Mountain View has been visited: Funny, you don't remember having descended quite so far as to have gotten beneath the clouds.]\par
\par
\i trees\i0\par
They obscure your view of the forest.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Curtain Room\ulnone\par
You are in a perfectly cubical room, with wall-to-wall carpeting and wood-panelled walls.  An archway at the southwest corner leads back towards the Xroads.  [red curtain is present:] The entire east wall is taken up by a red curtain that wafts and rustles in the non-existant breeze.  [otherwise:] To the east, a narrow flight of stairs descends down into darkness.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i red curtain\i0\par
It stretches from ceiling to floor, and from wall to wall.  You can't see anything through it, but there is no way any curtain could move like that unless there were a window or something on the other side, with a wind blowing against it.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Hit/cut curtain with sword\par
The sword sings as it slices through the air and the curtain, cutting through it as if it were nothing but light and shadows.  The fabric seems to dissolve into tendrils of mist as it falls apart, finally leaving the way east open.\par
\par
>Open curtain / Draw curtain / Pull curtain\par
You pull at the curtains, but it resists.  It seems to have a mind of its own, and you stop when you find that it's pushing you around almost as much as you're pulling at it.\par
\par
>Go east\par
[curtain is present:] You take a deep breath and strike out between the folds of the curtain.  After some stumbling about, you finally emerge ... right back where you started.\par
[curtain is gone:] You take a deep breath and begin the long descent....\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i carpet, wood panels, walls\i0\par
It all looks like something out of the 1960s.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Maintenance Room\ulnone\par
This looks suspiciously like the bridge of your Dad's ship, at least what you remember of it from your visit to the naval base a couple of years ago.  Banks of controls line the walls, most of them blinking and beyond complicated.  One solitary terminal, separate from the others, seems simple enough, however.  Through a door to the northeast, which you do not remember opening to get in here, is the passage back to the fork.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i terminal\i0\par
This terminal consists of a monitor screen, a red button and a blue button.  The screen shows six boxes, labelled A to F: A and B in the top row, and the remaining four in the bottom row.  Horizontal lines connect boxes A to B, [red button depressed: C to D] [blue button depressed: E to F] and D to E.  [red button not depressed: A vertical line joins boxes A and D.] [blue button not depressed:  Finally, a diagonal line joins boxes B and E.]\par
\par
\i red button, omega\i0\par
The red button is labelled with the greek letter Omega.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >push red button\par
[blue button is depressed: The blue button pops up as you push on the red button, which sinks into the panel and locks into place with a soft click.]\par
[red button is not depressed: The red button sinks into the panel and locks into place with a soft click.]\par
[red button is depressed: The red button unlocks and pops out again.]\par
Off in the distance, you hear the grinding of heavy machinery.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i blue button, alpha\i0\par
The blue button is labelled with the letter A.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >push blue button\par
[red button is depressed:] The red button pops up as you push on the blue button, which sinks into the panel and locks into place with a soft click.]\par
[blue button is not depressed: The blue button sinks into the panel and locks into place with a soft click.]\par
[blue button is depressed: The blue button unlocks and pops out again.]\par
Off in the distance, you hear the grinding of heavy machinery.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i banks of controls\i0\par
With all these blinking lights, it's surprising that you needed to bring a light source into this room to dispel the darkness.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >touch, push, etc banks of controls\par
Probably not a good idea.  These controls are ridiculously complicated, and who knows what damage you might cause just by sneezing at them.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Gallery\ulnone\par
This was clearly an art gallery once, but the walls are bare: you can see squares and rectangles of unfaded wallpaper where paintings used to hang.  An archway in the northwest corner would take you back to the Xroads.\par
\par
[exorcism hasn't been picked up:]Only one painting still remains on the wall, and it's not a painting at all: it's a calligraphy scroll of some kind.\par
\par
\ul Classroom\ulnone\par
Looks like you're back in school again.  There's the old chalkboard, and all the familiar desks and chairs, all looking a little smaller than you remember.  By contrast, the teacher's desk looms menacingly at one shadowy end of the room.  There is an exit to the south.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Look at me\par
You appear to not be naked this time round, which is something of a relief.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i desks, chairs\i0\par
They look rather small for you.  Could this have been first grade?\par
\par
\i teacher's desk\i0\par
It's rather large and ominous.\par
\par
\i chalkboard, blackboard\i0\par
Someone has written "I will not leave the lights on when I leave the room" 57 times on the board.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul The Lake\ulnone\par
You stand on the shores of what should more properly be called a sea: it is enormous, its far shores lost beyond the reach of any light.  The ceiling of the cavern is lost in the darkness as well; it is so high up that it is entirely possible that there is in fact no ceiling, and that the darkness above is a starless, moonless sky.  Faint music wafts down from above, and the only visible exit is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i music\i0\par
Somehow, you know that it's a dulcimer, though you've never actually heard one before.  It sounds quite exotic.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Listen / Listen to music\par
You really hope you will still remember the melody when you get out of here.  It's beautiful.\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i lake,\b  sea\b0\i0\par
[initial:] The lake is dark and inky, and covered over with a thick layer of ice.  Curiously, the marbled patterns of bubbles in the ice seem to form the vague appearance of a face.  A face wearing a domino mask.  [if player has attempted to break the ice: The face seems to be sneering at you.]\par
[ice is gone:] The lake is dark and inky.  A closer examination reveals that the "water" is in fact opaque, and might more properly be called "ink".  Fortunately, it doesn't seem to leave any lingering stains.\par
[after using the essay from the Classroom:] The lake is dark and very deep: you can't see the bottom, though the water seems marvellously clear.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Put rock in lake\par
[initial:] You drop the rock on the ice.  It bounces harmlessly off the cold, hard surface.\par
[ice is gone:] The rock is swallowed up immediately by the inky blackness.\par
[after clarification:] You watch as the rock sinks down towards the lake bottom; eventually, however, it sinks beyond the reach of the light, and is swallowed up by the distant darkness.\par
\par
>Enter lake\par
[initial:] You walk out across the ice, and despite your best efforts to keep in a straight line, find yourself emerging right where you started.\par
[ice is gone:] [go to Beneath The Surface]\par
\par
\b >Swim\par
[initial:] A barrier of ice prevents your access to the water.  And it's probably freezing cold anyway.\par
[ice is gone:] [go to Beneath The Surface]\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i ice\i0\par
It seems solid enough.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Break, hit, kick, attack ice\par
Violence might be the answer to this one, but you can't seem to summon up quite enough violence to do anything more than hurt yourself.\par
\par
>Throw rock at ice\par
[See Rock in file Objects01]\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\pard\qj\ul Beneath The Surface\ulnone\par
[before clarification] All you can see is ink.  The fact that it's opaque makes the possession of a light source, or lack thereof, rather immaterial.\par
[after clarification, without goggles/light] You hover just a foot below the surface.  It's too dark to go much deeper.\par
[with goggles/light] All you have to go on is an innate sense of up and down:  all around you, for as far as you can see, is cold, clear water.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i water/ink\i0\par
It's all around you, freezing cold and dark and clammy. [if player is wearing one of the rings: Luckily, the warmth from the ring on your finger is sufficient to keep you from turning into an iceberg.]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Lake Bottom\ulnone\par
You are finally at the bottom of the lake, a vast desert of silt softly shifting with the currents.  Amid the billowing silt is a monolithic, hexagonal block of black basalt.  [If the sword has not been retrieved: A sword, glowing a dim blue, has been plunged halfway into the basalt.]\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i silt\i0\par
Very fine sand, almost cloud-like as it shifts beneath you.\par
\par
\i hexagonal block of basalt\i0\par
Something has been crudely etched into its side: squinting at it out of the corner of your eye, you can just barely make out the words, "Cthulhu heart Shub-Niggurath".\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Thief's Den\ulnone\par
You have managed to find your way into the thief's den, a seedy little place higher than it is wide and lined with shelves displaying the thief's ill-gotten gains.  The only piece of furniture appears to be a dirty mattress on the floor.  A spiral stair winds back up to the twisty passages of the maze.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i mattress\i0\par
It's filthy and probably infested with bedbugs.\par
\par
\i shelves\i0\par
The shelves are crowded with all sorts of things, ranging from priceless works of art to odds-and-ends picked out of other people's pockets.  None of it seems very useful to you.\par
\par
\i spiral stair\i0\par
It's a little off-kilter and rickety, but it does its job.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Deepest Place\ulnone\par
The place you are in is quite indescribable.  All you know is that this is the very deepest core of your brother Aidan's mind, where everything that is Aidan begins.  \b [on first time entering:] You are surprised to find the thief waiting for you.  He smirks and pulls out a wicked-looking knife, and moves into an aggressive fighting stance.  [on subsequent entrances:] The thief is waiting for you, his knife at the ready.\b0\par
\par
}
 