{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
\ul Robotics Class\ulnone\par
You are sitting at a table in a perfectly ordinary classroom, surrounded by electronic parts.  Antonia Long, your Robotics instructor, has been cornered elsewhere by students with issues, leaving you to your own electronic, robotic devices.  Stacy is sitting beside you with her own  robot project, SARG, while Aidan is at another table with the older students.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i electronic parts\i0\par
You've already isolated the bits and pieces you need; the rest is just so much debris.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Under The Greenwood Tree\ulnone\par
Thou art in the company of thy master's men, the merry men of Sherwood Forest.  'Tis a sunny morning in May, and the merry birds doth sing in the trees above.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i birds\i0\par
The birds doth twitter on unseen.  They are but of little import, and thus the simulation extendeth not to their very appearance.\par
\par
\i trees\i0\par
No greener trees than these do grow, nay, not in all of merry England.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul The Archery Range\ulnone\par
Though all of Sherwood be thy range, this sunny glen doth lend itself best to thy sport.  A stump by thy feet doth provide adequate place for thy wager, and targets lean upon the trees at the opposite side of the glen.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i stump\i0\par
'Tis as flat as a table, and hath oft served as a place upon which to place thy wagers when thou and thy friends take up thy bows against thy fearsome foes, the targets.\par
\par
\i targets\i0\par
Many is the time that thou hast waged honourable war against them, yet there they stand, as whole as ever they were on the day upon which they had been carved.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Auditorium\ulnone\par
The chairs of the auditorium have been folded up and moved aside, to give everyone plenty of room to spread out in the middle and even on the stage.  A rather harsh, bright light illuminates the central portion of the room and leaves the corners in shadows; the overall effect is to produce that still, dead, rather muffled feel that most theatres seem to have when they're not in use.  The backstage areas are to the north, and the main exit is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i light\i0\par
You can see dust motes floating in the air.\par
\par
\i stage\i0\par
It is a low platform, without curtains, occupying the north side of the room.  The backstage areas are behind it.\par
\par
\i chairs\i0\par
They have been folded up and set aside, and are of no concern to you.  At least, not until you want to fill them with audience members.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Backstage\ulnone\par
Backstage is cramped, cluttered and chaotic, and it's not even in use yet.  It also smells of old costumes, which is hardly surprising, given the racks of costumes mouldering in one airless cubbyhole.  The stage and the auditorium are to the south, and a door out into the hallway is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i costumes\i0\par
A brief rummage through the costumes reveals nothing but dust, more costumes, an air vent, and an overwhelming urge to sneeze.\par
\par
\i vent\i0\par
The air vent is almost hidden behind the racks of costumes.  [after grill is removed: The protective grill has been removed and lost among the costumes.]\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Enter vent\par
[before grill is removed:] The vent is covered over with a metal grill, to prevent silly people like you from getting lost in the HVAC maze of twisty ducts (all alike) beyond.  You couldn't turn around in there, anyway, and the idea of crawling backwards through such a tight squeeze, in darkness, makes you want to hurl.\par
[after grill is removed:] The duct beyond might be wide enough to crawl through, though not to turn around, but the vent itself is too small for you to fit through now.  Maybe you shouldn't have had that growth spurt after all.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i grill\i0\par
It covers over the air vent and is securely screwed into the wall.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>remove grill\par
You're not strong enough to tear this thing from the wall with your bare hands.\par
\par
>remove grill with screwdriver\par
You remove the screws as quickly as you can, the head of the screwdriver slipping from the screws rather more often than is usual.  Eventually, the grill falls off and is immediately lost among the boxes of costume accessories.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Film Studio North\ulnone\par
The film studio has been deserted, and in a hurry, too.  Notebooks and papers and pens have been dropped or left behind, and chairs have been overturned.  It is quiet, the only sounds being the hum of warm air being pushed into the room through the vent high up in the wall.  The studio continues off to the south, and the exit to the hallway is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i chairs, notebooks, papers, pens\i0\par
People have sure left in a hurry.  You can taste the shock and fear clinging to the debris they've left behind.\par
\par
\i vent\i0\par
This particular vent doesn't have a grill, and the rows of shelving beneath it make it fairly accessible.  The wall around it looks as if it's been attacked with a sledgehammer.  Unfortunately for whoever attacked it, the dents in the metal duct have only served to make the opening more difficult to climb through.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Enter vent\par
The duct beyond might be wide enough to crawl through, though not to turn around, but the vent itself is too small for you to fit through now.  Maybe you shouldn't have had that growth spurt after all.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Film Studio South\ulnone\par
This end of the film studio looks like the aftermath of a particularly exuberant action flick.  Tables, chairs and assorted props have been hurled about, some of it even broken in the process, and a fist-sized hole has been punched into one wall.  It's a little less untidy to the north, and the door to the hallway is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i hole\i0\par
[first time:] "Aidan did that," Ava says.  "Lucian made a run for it right then, while Aidan was trying to pull his fist out of the hole.  I don't know what would have happened if he hadn't missed."\par
[thereafter:] Through the hole in the wall, you can see the various layers of drywall and acoustic panelling that make up the studio walls.  It's quite impressive, not to mention frightening, how deep the hole is.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Southeast Corner\ulnone\par
You're at a T-junction, of sorts.  Hallways stretch off to the north and west; another hallway stretches off to the south, ramping up slightly as it passes from this building to the next.  You catch sight of two of the counselors pacing about at the end of the southern hallway; fortunately, they haven't seen you ... yet.  The door to the auditorium where you were supposed to spend this morning working on your satirical drama class is to the east.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i counselors\i0\par
They look nervous as they pace back and forth.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hallway\ulnone\par
A utilitarian, academic hallway, stretching north and south.  An empty classroom is to the west, and the door to the backstage areas of the auditorium is to the east.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i classroom\i0\par
A quick search of the classroom reveals nothing out of the ordinary.  [if Aidan has been by: Aside from the ripped-out ventilation grill, anyway.]  Lucian hasn't been by this way; or if he has, he's been remarkably calm for someone who's supposedly in a blind panic.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hallway\ulnone\par
A utilitarian, academic hallway, stretching north and south.  An empty classroom is to the west, and a door to the film studio is to the east.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i classroom\i0\par
A quick peek into the classroom reveals nothing out of the ordinary.  [if Aidan has been by: Aside from the ripped-out ventilation grill, anyway.]  Lucian hasn't been by this way; or if he has, he's been remarkably calm for someone who's supposedly in a blind panic.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Northeast Corner\ulnone\par
The hallway makes an elbow here, heading off to the south and the west.  To the east is the film studio.  You can tell because the door has been torn off its hinges, giving you a perfectly unimpeded view of the studio within.  Another set of doors, to the north, leads out of the building, but those are intact.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Go north\par
As you put your hand on the exit door, Ava stops you, saying, "we can't leave yet!  We've got to help Lucian!"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hallway\ulnone\par
You are at a T-junction.  The hallway goes east and west, and another hallway joins it from the south.  To the north, wide double doors open into the library.\par
\par
\ul Northwest Corner\ulnone\par
The hallway goes east and south from here.  To the north is an exit from the building.  [You notice a door, previously locked, has been smashed open; beyond it, stairs lead down into the basement.  You can easily sense that Aidan has been here: you can trace two trails, one going down the stairs and another running off to the south.]\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Go north\par
As you put your hand on the exit door, Ava stops you, saying, "we can't leave yet!  We've got to help Lucian!"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hallway\ulnone\par
A utilitarian, academic hallway, stretching north and south.  Empty classrooms are in all other directions.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i classrooms\i0\par
A quick peek into the classrooms reveals nothing out of the ordinary.  [if Aidan has been by: Nothing except for the ripped-out ventilation grills, anyway.]  Lucian hasn't been by this way; or if he has, he's been remarkably calm for someone who's supposedly in a blind panic.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Southwest Corner\ulnone\par
Not actually a corner, but enough of one for your purposes: the counsellors standing guard to the south make you rather hesitant to wander off in that direction.  Fortunately, they're more concerned with keeping the other students from coming over onto this side, and aren't looking behind them for people who've already done so.  That leaves the north and the east open to travel.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i counselors\i0\par
They look nervous as they pace back and forth.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hallway\ulnone\par
You are in a utilitarian east-west hallway.  Another hallway from the north connects here.\par
\par
\ul Hallway\ulnone\par
A utilitarian, academic hallway, stretching north and south.  Empty classrooms are in all other directions.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i classrooms\i0\par
A quick peek into the classrooms reveals nothing out of the ordinary.  [if Aidan has been by: Nothing except for the ripped-out ventilation grills, anyway.]  Lucian hasn't been by this way; or if he has, he's been remarkably calm for someone who's supposedly in a blind panic.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Library\ulnone\par
The Education And Fine Arts Library, as befits the University of Colorado at Valmont, is a labyrinth stacked high with books and simply lousy with hidden corners and dead ends.  Thankfully, most of it is also sealed away beyond a security barrier, and as far as you can tell, no-one is likely to have slipped through to the stacks beyond.  The only part of the library you can really access from here is the circulation desk, which has been positioned directly under an air vent to allow the librarians the full benefit of the heating system during the cold winter semester.  And also to blow papers off the desk, but none of the librarians have complained about that one little detail, oddly enough.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i circulation desk\i0\par
This is actually only half the circulation desk, the other half being on the other side of the security barrier.  Plaques indicate that one may drop off one's returns here, or pick up whatever books one has placed on reserve.  It is covered with stacks of papers and forms, each stack weighted down by a paperweight.\par
\par
\i paperweights\i0\par
They're a variety of shapes and sizes and materials, and range from a simple cobblestone to an elaborately etched hunk of glass.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take paperweight\par
There's enough chaos going on without taking a paperweight and letting all those papers blow about the place.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i papers\i0\par
Who knew that the business of managing a library entailed so much bureaucracy?  The papers rustle under the breeze from the vent above.  [after someone has climbed up onto the desk: A few stacks of papers have been shifted aside to make way for dirty footprints to be imprinted on the nice, clean desk top.]\par
\par
\i footprints\i0\par
Strangely, they look to be about your size.\par
\par
\i vent\i0\par
It is positioned directly over the circulation desk.  You can feel hot air blowing from it, and something else, too: fear.  It seems stronger here than elsewhere. [if grill is removed:] The grill that used to cover it has been pulled off and thrown away.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Enter vent\par
[before grill is removed:] The vent is covered over with a metal grill, to prevent silly people like you from getting lost in the HVAC maze of twisty ducts (all alike) beyond.  You couldn't turn around in there, anyway, and the idea of crawling backwards through such a tight squeeze, in darkness, makes you want to hurl.\par
[after grill is removed:] The duct beyond might be wide enough to crawl through, though not to turn around, but the vent itself is too small for you to fit through now.  Maybe you shouldn't have had that growth spurt after all.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i grill\i0\par
It covers over the air vent and is securely screwed into the wall.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>remove grill\par
You're not strong enough to tear this thing from the wall with your bare hands.\par
\par
>remove grill with screwdriver\par
As you begin to turn the screws, you feel something warm against your back: it feels almost like approval.  You turn around, and find Aidan standing at the entrance to the library, grinning malevolently.  You freeze, and you hear Ava gasp, and before you can do anything further, Aidan has leapt up on the desk (knocking you off in the process) and ripped the grill from the vent opening.  He flings the grill away -- it skims over the security barrier -- and begins feeling around inside the vent.  For a moment, you think it's all over for Lucian, but despite his panic Lucian has enough sense to keep out of reach and remain silent.  Aidan snarls in frustration, and is gone in a blur of speed.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\ul HVAC room\ulnone\par
This is essentially a concrete basement full of pipes and maintenance equipment.  The master HVAC unit takes up half the space, and all the vents and chutes and pipes coming into or out of it takes up almost all the rest.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i pipes, vents, chutes\i0\par
The number of these things twisting around is quite bewildering.\par
\par
\i HVAC unit, furnace\i0\par
Essentially a furnace, generating hot air which is then pumped up to all the rooms of the building above.  The central thermostat, here, regulates the general temperature. [thermostat is at max:]  Judging by the roaring sound, it's working overtime to generate as much heat as it possibly can. [thermostat has been reset:]  The unit is completely silent.\par
\par
\i thermostat, dial\i0\par
The central thermostat consists of a simple dial which can be turned, and a meter above showing the temperature of the building.\par
[is at max:] Someone has set the the thermostat to the maximum!  The meter is slowly but surely climbing towards the danger zone.\par
[has been reset:] Everything seems normal, though the meter shows that the temperature is a little on the warm side.  It'll be a while before it returns to normal.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Turn/set thermostat\par
[is at max:]  You quickly turn the thermostat down to a more normal setting.  Immediately, the HVAC unit falls silent.  It'll be a while before the temperature drops back to normal, but at least it's not rising.\par
[has been reset:]  You fiddle with the thermostat dial, looking for a more optimum setting.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Battlefield\ulnone\par
Everything is black and white, and grainy as an old photograph.  The ground is barren and scored with trenches; the sky is filled with stormclouds.  A fierce wind threatens to knock you off your feet, as bombshells rain about you.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Ground, trenches\i0\par
Trenches criss-cross the ground; where they aren't filled with mud, they're filled with sharp rocks and nasty bits of twisted shrapnel.\par
\par
\i shrapnel, bombshells, shells\i0\par
You're not quite crazy enough to get close enough to one of the shells to examine it.  They fall, they explode, they send bits and pieces of themselves flying through the air, and it's a miracle you haven't been sliced to ribbons by the flying shrapnel already.\par
\par
\i stormclouds\i0\par
The stormclouds race across the sky, driven by the mad winds.\par
\par
\i wind\i0\par
It's insane.  But listening very carefully, you think you hear ... a voice?  No, you've lost it again....\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Go [anywhere]\par
The wind drives you back.\par
\par
>Focus\par
An insane, murderous rage threatens to overwhelm you.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
}
 