{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
\ul Dining Hall\ulnone\par
The dining hall is a large room lined with long tables and chairs.  It is crowded with campers discussing just about everything under the sun.\par
\par
[Chapter 3:] You are alone at the southeast corner of the room, with a few readings for your satirical writing class.  You can see Aidan somewhere off to the west, eating with his friends.\par
\par
[Chapter 10:] You are sitting between Ava and Stacy.  Lucian is sitting across from you, half-hidden behind a stack of pancakes.  Aidan is with his friends somewhere off to the west\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Stand / Go anywhere\par
You'll lose your seat if you do.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Readings\i0  (Chapter 3 only)\par
Aristophanes, Rabelais, Moliere ... if you didn't find this sort of thing as fascinating as you do, you'd be comatose after the first page.\par
\par
\i Aidan\i0\par
[Chapter 3:] He's sitting with a crowd of older campers, at the other side of the hall.  You're not so insecure that you absolutely have to sit beside him at every meal.  Not now that you're a mature second-year camper, anyway.\par
[Chapter 10:] He's sitting with a small handful of his closest friends, off at the other side of the hall.  They seem rather subdued; most of the other campers seem to be keeping their distance.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul The Maelstrom (chapter 3)\ulnone\par
You are lost in a swirl of sensory stimuli.\par
\par
The [DIRECTION] \par
[seems to be a wall of excitedly jangling doorbells.]\par
[sounds like a crowd of chattering songbirds.]\par
[smells like a swamp, all sulphur and mud and wet.]\par
[smells too strongly of burnt engine oil for anyone's tastes.]\par
[is a blaze of dazzling, gaily swirling oranges and reds.]\par
[is a whirl of blues and greens, and you think you hear drunken singing there as well.]\par
[seems to taste sour and bitter and spicy all at once.]\par
[has an uncomfortably too-sweet taste in the air.]\par
[feels inexplicably, well, prickly.]\par
[feels electrically charged, you can almost hear the buzz.]\par
\par
Somewhere off to the west, above the noise and colour and inexplicable smells, you think you hear something -- a low-pitched reed instrument of some kind, possibly an oboe -- calling out to you.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Go in any direction barred by one of the above described barriers\par
You take a step in that direction but are almost overwhelmed by the sensations.\par
\par
>Go in any direction where there is a wall\par
There's a wall in that direction, isn't there?  You stop before you hurt yourself; there is a brief burst of [low-pitched woodwinds] [songbird chatter] nearby, which is quickly lost in the maelstrom.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Doorbells\i0\par
You can't see them, but you can hear them jangling and buzzing in a cacophony of excitement and anticipation.\par
\par
\i Songbirds\i0\par
They're accompanied by swooping shadows, and seem to be leaping from one curiosity to another.\par
\par
\i Swamp, sulphur\i0\par
It makes you feel kind of low and sad and (inexplicably) homesick just being close to it.\par
\par
\i Burnt engine oil\i0\par
The air there is black and menacing.\par
\par
\i Oranges, reds\i0\par
They're very gay and festive, but more than you can take right now.\par
\par
\i Drunken Singing\i0\par
It sounds vaguely mock-german, and conjures images of people dancing around in circles.\par
\par
\i Blues, Greens\i0\par
They somehow remind you of graduation gowns.\par
\par
\i Sour, bitter, spicy tastes, flavours\i0\par
You can taste it in the air, like storm warnings.\par
\par
\i Sweet taste, flavour\i0\par
It's even worse than the dining hall food.  Somehow you know it's pink and hiding something unpleasant underneath.\par
\par
\i Prickly sensation\i0\par
You just know you'll get an awful case of pins and needles if you head off in that direction.\par
\par
\i Electricity, buzz\i0\par
It seems to keep bouncing between two sources, growing or changing with each bounce.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
\ul Hospital Room\ulnone\par
You are in a hospital room, equipped with a single bizarre-looking coffin-case thing attached to a bewildering wall of medical equipment.  The walls are painted a sterile white.  Huge windows look out to the south, while a pale green door, equipped with a small viewing window, is to the north.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Listen\par
[still inside closed coffin:] You think you can hear some sort of electronic hum, but otherwise it's pretty quiet.\par
[default:] You hear the steady hum of medical equipment.\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Coffin case, sarcophagus\i0\par
It's shiny and silver and futuristic-looking, but still looks like a coffin.  Or an Egyptian sarcophagus.  Or an iron maiden.  You'd have to be out cold before you'd let anyone put you into that thing.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Get out of coffin\par
[Dr Rose is present:] "Not just yet, Daniel," Dr Rose says gently, "you've just had a tremendous shock to your system, and you should rest a little longer."\par
[Dr Rose is gone:]\par
\pard\li2160\qj "Daniel, you should be resting, like Dr Rose said!"\par
\par
"I'll feel better once I'm out of this coffin," you retort as you clamber out of it.  And not a moment too soon.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>Enter coffin\par
No.\par
\par
>Break coffin\par
However creepy that thing might be, trying to destroy it strikes you as being a very bad idea.  Dr Rose might think you need to start over in a new one.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Huge window\i0\par
You can see your dorm from here!\par
\par
\i Viewing window\i0\par
It's a square of reinforced glass set into the middle of the door.  Through it, you can see a featureless hospital corridor.\par
\par
\i Door\i0\par
It's metal and looks very heavy and solid.\par
\par
\i Medical equipment\i0\par
Monitors, wires, computers ... it's all quite dizzying and bewildering.  Is that a stereo amplifier?\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Listen to medical equipment\par
They hum and beep just like the medical equipment you've seen on TV, though these things here look nothing like the medical equipment you've seen on TV.\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\ul T-Intersection (south)\ulnone\par
You are in a featureless hospital corridor stretching from east to west.  Another corridor goes off to the north.  The door to your hospital room is to the south.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Door\i0\par
You can see your hospital room through the door's viewing window.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul T-Intersection (east)\ulnone\par
You are in a featureless hospital corridor stretching north and south.  Another corridor goes off to the west.  A pair of elevator doors are set into the east wall.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Elevator doors\i0\par
They look pretty imposing.  There's no reason to go through them, though, not at the moment.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul T-Intersection (north)\ulnone\par
You are in a featureless hospital corridor stretching east and west.  Another corridor goes off to the south.\par
\par
\ul T-Intersection (west)\ulnone\par
You are in a featureless hospital corridor stretching north and south.  Another corridor goes off to the east.  A door marked "EXIT" is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Door\i0\par
Through a narrow window in the door, you can catch a glimpse of the fire escape stairs.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Open door\par
Probably not a good idea: it looks like there's some kind of alarm set to go off when you open it.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Crossroads\ulnone\par
This is the heart of this particular wing of the hospital, with corridors running off in all four cardinal directions.\par
\par
\ul Southwest Corner\ulnone\par
The corridor makes a bend here, going east and north.  There are hospital rooms, apparently empty, to the west and south.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Doors\i0\par
A glance through the viewing windows shows that the rooms beyond are quite unoccupied.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Open doors\par
The doors are unlocked.\par
\par
>West / South (ie, into one of the rooms)\par
[If room in that direction is empty] You quickly duck into the empty hospital room.  After a few moments, when nothing happens, you creep back out again.\par
[If someone is coming out of the other room] You quickly duck into the empty hospital room as an orderly comes out of the other room.  You wait until the footsteps fade away to the [DIRECTION] before emerging again into the corridor.\par
[If someone is approaching down the corridor] You quickly duck into the empty hospital room as an orderly approaches.  You wait until the footsteps fade away to the [DIRECTION] before emerging again into the corridor.\par
[If someone is coming out of this room] You open the door and run right into an orderly who, though surprised, is not too surprised to immediately sound the alarm.  Within seconds, Ava and Stacy have been bundled out of the hospital and you're locked into your room.  \cf1\highlight2 It's a couple of hours before Dr Rose comes back, frowning in a very concerned manner.  [See YOU ARE CAUGHT section in Chapter Four document.]\par
\pard\qj\cf0\highlight0\par
\ul Southeast Corner\ulnone\par
The corridor makes a bend here, going west and north.  There are hospital rooms, apparently empty, to the east and south.\par
\par
\ul Northeast Corner\ulnone\par
The corridor makes a bend here, going west and south.  There are hospital rooms, apparently empty, to the east and north.\par
\par
\ul Northwest Corner\ulnone\par
The corridor makes a bend here, going east and south.  There are hospital rooms to the west and north, although the sounds coming from the north suggest that that particular hospital room is not quite as empty as all the others have been.\par
\par
\par
}
 