{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\f0\fs24\par
\ul Second Avenue\ulnone\par
Second Avenue runs north and south along the edge of a cliff: to the west is a sharp drop down (don't even try) onto the rooftops of the buildings along First Avenue, and beyond those are the jagged ridges of the Rockies.  Jacobs Hall -- the old part, anyway -- is open to the east, and its front lawn spreads out to the southeast.  You can also go northeast, squeezing around the newer part of Jacobs Hall to the courtyard beyond.\par
\par
Conveniently, a bus shelter with a newspaper vending machine is almost directly outside the Hall.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Down, jump\par
I told you, don't even try it!\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\i First Avenue\i0\par
It's a good deal more interesting than Second Avenue, that's for sure.  Unless academia is your thing.\par
\par
\i Jacobs Hall\i0\par
The old part of Jacobs Hall used to be a millionaire's mansion, way back in ancient history.  It's all red sandstone and gargoyles and fancy stonework.  Then it got donated to the university and the first thing they did was to slap a huge, square-ish brick nonentity onto the north side; of course, the new part is where all the real business of Jacobs Hall gets done: the fancy, red sandstone mansion part is just where parents and newbies and visitors meet with the staff.\par
\par
\i Rockies\i0\par
You get some spectacular sunsets from here.  When you left the camp last year, you and just about everyone else stopped for the longest time, just watching the sun go down.  It was the best traffic jam ever.\par
\par
\i Cliff\i0\par
It's more of an escarpment, really, or so Aidan told you once.  You not quite sure about the difference.  Anyway, Valmont is built on a mountainside, so you see this sort of thing all the time.\par
\par
\i Escarpment, enscarpment\i0\par
It's more of a cliff, actually, or so you prefer to call it.  You're not quite sure about the difference.  Anyway, Valmont is built on a mountainside, so you see this sort of thing all the time.\par
\par
\i Bus shelter\i0\par
You figure that the next bus should be showing up about one minute after you leave.\par
\par
\i Newspaper vending machine\i0\par
Insert the appropriate change, get your daily dose of gloom and doom.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Put small change in vending machine\par
You insert the appropriate change, and the glass front of the vending machine clicks open just wide enough for you to extract the day's newspaper.  Then it snaps shut again.\par
\par
>Put [anything other than small change] in vending machine\par
It appears that the vending machine was not designed to accept that.\par
\par
>Hit/kick/etc vending machine\par
Hooliganism is not the answer to this one.\par
\par
\b >Open machine\par
Not without paying first!\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\ul Info Desk\ulnone\par
The main foyer of Jacobs Hall still looks a bit like the inside of a hundred-year-old mansion, though it's been a little bit beat up by the passing generations of students.  The information desk, an anomaly in glass and polished steel, sits beneath a portrait of Alexander Quaverley Jacobs, facing the main entrance to the west.  To the east, wide double doors open onto Calvin Field, while arches go south and southwest to the rest of the lobby area.  Much of the north wall has been chewed through to make a connection to the newer part of Jacobs Hall.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >East, West\par
[Chapter 2:] You're not supposed to leave the building after dinner.  And anyway, the doors are locked.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Stairs\i0\par
Of course there are stairs here.  But since they lead up to administrative offices which are off-limits to you, there didn't seem to be any point in mentioning them.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Climb stairs, Up\par
That area is off-limits to you.  It's only full of boring old offices, anyway.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Portrait of Alexander Quaverley Jacobs\i0\par
Old AQJ, who left his mansion to the university, stares down benevolently from his portrait.  You never cease to be amazed at his enormous sidewhiskers.\par
\par
\i Sidewhiskers\i0\par
They're called Dundrearies, though you can't see anything remotely dreary about them.  Maybe one day you'll grow something like that, if Mom doesn't attack you with sheepshearing equipment first.\par
\par
\i Information desk\i0\par
It's very sleek and modern-looking, which means it's oddly shaped and doesn't fit anywhere.  A never-ending supply of LEAP flyers are stacked in a corner.  Tucked away into a corner is a small saucer for loose change.  (The receptionist usually keeps this in a corner of the desk where only she can see it, but apparently it's been moved.  She's only here during the school year, anyway.)\par
\par
\i saucer\i0\par
\pard\li720 [Player has not touched the coins:] Sitting in the saucer are a few random coins.  Funny, wasn't this dish empty when you passed by the desk this morning?\par
\pard\li720\qj [empty:] Someone appears to have swiped all the loose change!\par
[Player has, for whatever reason, put the coins back in the saucer:] Sitting in the saucer are a few oddly familiar coins.\par
[Player has bought the newspaper:] Someone appears to have swiped -- hang on, the saucer's got a bunch of coins in it again.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Get coins\par
[before buying the newspaper:] Michelle clears her throat and gives you a stern look.  Looks like petty thievery is going to have to wait another day.\par
[after buying the newspaper:] No way, those reappearing coins are spooky.\par
\par
>Put coins in saucer\par
Okay.  Your mother would be proud.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul First Floor Lobby, West\ulnone\par
This used to be the living room, back when [\i first look:\i0  Alexander Quaverley Jacobs, the eccentric old coot who donated this place to the university,] [\i otherwise: \i0 old AQJ] was still alive and the university was just starting up.  It's got a huge fireplace, and a big bay window looking out onto the front lawn.  It's also been painted completely white from floor to ceiling, so thickly that you're not sure if some of the molding is not actually just bubbles under the paint.  The info desk is back through the arch to the north, and the lobby continues, through another arch, to the west.\par
\par
A large brass plaque has been fixed into the space over the fireplace.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Fireplace\i0\par
No-one uses it any more, of course, but it still looks nice.  Even with all that white paint slathered all over it.\par
\par
\i White paint\i0\par
It was the fashion, back in the 1950s, to try to make a place look more modern by painting it white.  It's not the 1950s anymore, but apparently nobody ever told the custodians that.\par
\par
\i Bay window\i0\par
[Chapter 1:] Normally you can see all of the front lawn spread out from here, but right now there've been temporary walls set up all over the lawn.\par
[Chapter 2:] It's dark outside.  You can see some of the temporary walls set up on the front lawn, but that's about it.\par
\par
\i Molding\i0\par
It's pretty elaborate, and almost makes you dizzy as you follow the pattern across the -- oh wait, those are just air bubbles under the paint.\par
\par
\i Air bubbles\i0\par
They're annoyingly random.  You don't know why the original painters couldn't have taken the trouble to -- oh wait, that's actually an elaborate wood molding.\par
\par
\i Plaque\i0\par
\cf1\highlight2 It's shaped like a shield, and commemorates the memory of Damon Rose, one of the founders of LEAP.  You remember him quite well from last year.  It was quite a shock to hear about the accident, and there was some question as to whether LEAP could go on without him.  His sister, Claudia Rose, is in charge of LEAP now, and making sure that the good work goes on.  She seems like a nice lady, but she's just not quite as present as old Damon Rose used to be.\par
\pard\qj\cf0\highlight0\par
\ul First Floor Lobby, East\ulnone\par
\cf1\highlight2 This used to be a rather large dining room, once upon a time, and it still has a low-hanging chandelier right in the middle of the ceiling.  A piano's been pushed under the chandelier so that nobody accidentally gets a head full of crystal walking blindly around, and the place is generally used as a kind of music room now.  The info desk is back to the northwest, and to the west is the rest of the first floor lobby.  Wide picture windows look out on the front lawn and on the southern part of Calvin Field.\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
[Chapter 1:] The School of Rock option is in progress here, jamming away in the upper decibels.\par
[Chapter 2:] A group of older kids seem to be discussing the psychology of cats in one corner.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Chandelier\i0\par
Pretty, but mostly useless.  You suspect that it's more glass than crystal these days, too: you distinctly remember someone (who certainly wasn't you, no sir!) knocking out part of it with an enthusiastic trombone slide last year, but this year there appears to be no sign of the damage.\par
\par
\i Piano\i0\par
Ava says it's a baby grand, and she knows more about this sort of thing.  All grand pianos seem more or less alike to you.  The pile of plastic dinosaurs under the piano probably makes it unique, however.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Play piano\par
[Chapter 1:] The piano is currently occupied by a couple of older kids in the School of Rock option.  You'll have to wait until later.\par
[Chapter 2, you are alone:] You bang out a few bars of [SONG] before hitting a wrong note (it doesn't take long) and stopping.  The only reason you learned that tune was to annoy Ava, anyway: she hates that song.\par
[Chapter 2, Ava is following you:] You bang out a few bars of [SONG] before Ava stops you.  She really has no love for that particular song at all.\par
\par
\b >Look under piano\par
Under the piano is a pile of plastic dinosaurs, left there for no other reason than that people are less likely to step on a plastic dinosaur when it's under a piano.\par
\par
>Hide/put something under piano\par
There's a large pile of plastic dinosaurs in the way.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Dinosaurs\i0\par
Rarrr.  They're all very lifelike, despite being small, plastic, and a variety of colors unlikely to be found in nature.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take dinosaur\par
[First time:] You pick out a purple diplodocus from the pile of plastic dinosaurs.\par
[Afterwards:] You've already taken one dinosaur from the pile.  You don't need another one.\par
\b [Chapter 2 onwards:] You're a little too old to be playing with plastic dinosaurs, really.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Picture windows\i0\par
[Chapter 1:] The front lawn is littered with graffiti-covered temporary walls, but Calvin Field seems much as usual.\par
[Chapter 2:] All you can see outside is darkness.\par
\par
\i School of Rock option\i0\par
It's a musical jam session.  The majority of the players are pretty good; thankfully, they drown out the ones who aren't.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\par
>Listen to option\par
Hey, they're not bad.  A bit too loud, but not bad at all.  At least, the loudness covers up any mistakes they may be making.\par
\par
>Dance\par
You execute a few freestyle steps, much to the amusement of the musicians\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i kids, campers, students\i0\par
They seem pretty absorbed in what they're doing.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Listen to kids\par
[Chapter 1:] [try listen to option]\par
[Chapter 2:] [random:] "...so when you see a cat twitching its tail, that means that it's kind of confused or frustrated..."\par
\pard\li2160\qj [or] "...those laser pointers are fun, but too much of it just isn't good for the cat's brains, you know?"\par
[or] "...I'm telling you, they're going to take over the world one day...."\par
[or] "...stupid thing just stands at the open door and meows...."\par
[or] "...there's this webcomic about this pair of cats, and...."\par
[or] "...she was creeping across the linoleum floor, pretending to be an invisible ninja or something...."\par
[or] "...so I looked in the litterbox --" and you stop listening right there.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\pard\qj\ul Calvin Field South\ulnone\par
During the school year, this part of Calvin Field gets pretty scuffed up by students playing football or whatever inter-department sports tickle their fancy at the time.  Right now, it's getting scuffed up by people playing flag football.  The university caretakers must be wondering why they even bother to replant the grass every Spring.  The less scuffed-up part of Calvin Field is to the north, and the front lawn of Jacobs Hall is to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Grass\i0\par
It's green, which means it's not quite dead yet, despite the best efforts of the football players.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take grass\par
You pluck a few blades of grass from the ground.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Flag Football\i0\par
Football, in whatever form, is really more Aidan's thing than yours.  He's not taking the option today, though.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Calvin Field North\ulnone\par
Claremont Hall, to the north, looms over the entire length of Calvin Field, which continues to the south.  Jacobs Hall is back to the west, and the dining hall is to the east.  A fountain takes up space right where all the paths meet, so there usually aren't that many people running around and tearing up the grass.  Right now, though, there are several people running around, playing Myth Tag, and there's nothing the fountain can do about it.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >North\par
Claremont Hall is off-limits.  It's only full of empty lecture halls, anyway.\par
\par
>East\par
The Dining Hall is off-limits for the moment.  And anyway, you don't really want to go in there: you might actually see what they do to the food to make it taste so awful, and then you'll have nightmares for weeks.\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Grass\i0\par
It's green, which means it's not quite dead yet, despite the best efforts of the Myth Tag players.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take grass\par
You pluck a few blades of grass from the ground.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Myth Tag\i0\par
It's sort of like normal tag, except you can declare yourself "safe" by crouching down and naming a mythological creature.  No repeats, though: one of the counsellors is keeping track of what's been named so far.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Claremont Hall\i0\par
Claremont Hall looks very grand, standing on a rise at the north end of Calvin Field.  It's a red sandstone building with rounded arches and red shingles, and a huge clock tower right over the door.\par
\par
\i Clock tower\i0\par
The Claremont Hall clock tower has never told the right time, not since it was built.  Someone told you last year that it's haunted, but that's the sort of thing people always tell kids on their first summer at camp.\par
\par
\i Fountain\i0\par
The fountain consists of a wide, shallow basin and a modern sculpture that, to you, looks a lot like Big Foot taking a shower.  It's not running right now.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Search fountain\par
[player does not have a feather:] You spot a lone feather just lying there, presumably lost from some passing pigeon.  You grab it before the wind blows it away.\par
[player already has a feather:] [default library message]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Front Lawn\ulnone\par
A whole bunch of walls have been temporarily erected all over the front lawn for the Graffiti Art option.  The smell of paint is everywhere, not to mention the hiss of spray cans.  Passersby on Second Avenue -- to the northwest -- will no doubt find this all very interesting.  A flagpole rises up from the maze of makeshift walls here, while Calvin Field and the more athletic options are off to the east.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Grass\i0\par
It's green, which probably means someone with a can of green spraypaint has been coloring outside the lines.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take grass\par
You pluck a few blades of grass from the ground.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Walls, art, graffiti, option\i0\par
Some of it is actually pretty good.  But is it Art?\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Spray paint\i0\par
A multitude of different colors, all of it in the hands of kids with instructions to just "go wild".  The bathrooms are going to be pretty jammed up this evening.\par
\par
\i Flagpole\i0\par
It's keeping the good ol' Star-spangled Banner well out of the reach of the spraypaint-happy campers all around you.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Climb flagpole\par
You're not that good an athlete.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Flag, star-spangled banner\i0\par
It's not exactly the dawn's early light, but you can see it quite clearly, drifting in the wind high overhead.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Lower flag\par
"Hey!  Don't touch that!"  You back off before you're covered in graffiti.\par
\par
>Hit, tear, kick, burn, etc. flag\par
That would be downright un-American.  And anyway the flag's out of reach.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Courtyard\ulnone\par
The courtyard is a hard, concrete square ringed by bushes and trees.  It's not terribly interesting, but Aidan sometimes comes here to play basketball with his friends, as if the camp counselors didn't make you all run around enough already.  The other university buildings are visible beyond the treetops, and the blank north face of Jacobs Hall rises up to the south; paths southeast and southwest lead around Jacobs Hall, though there is no entrance to the building from here.\par
\par
\tab\i Bushes, trees, plants, plantlife\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj The plantlife around here seems quite peaceful and idyllic.  Also, prickly.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take plants\par
You briefly consider the trees, but they're rather on the tall side.  Then you reach into the bushes and immediately back off thanks to the thorns.  Finally, you settle on just grabbing a few blades of grass.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i University buildings\i0\par
Jacobs Hall is to the south, and Claremont Hall is to the east.  Neither of them can be entered directly from here.  Over the treetops to the north, you can also make out the Ridgeway Museum and the university library.\par
\par
\i Jacobs Hall\i0\par
The north face of Jacobs Hall is a flat expanse of brick, interspersed with dorm room windows.  At the rooftop parapet, you can also make out a bunch of happy campers dropping things off the edge.  That must be the Egg Drop option, if you remember rightly.\par
\par
\i Claremont Hall, Ridgeway Museum, University Library\i0\par
The university buildings aren't of much interest, at least not from here.\par
\par
\i boxes, containers, box, container, objects, object, debris\i0\par
Those belong to the Egg Drop option, going on up on the roof of Jacobs Hall.  Some appear more effective than others.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take boxes\par
Don't interfere with someone else's scientific data.\par
\par
>Search boxes\par
[player doesn't have a feather] Poking about the debris, you come across one that is stuffed full of blue feathers.  Guessing that the actual number of feathers is probably not part of the scientific data under examination, you help yourself to one.\par
[player already has a feather] Poking about the debris, you find nothing on your list that you do not already have.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul First Floor Midpoint\ulnone\par
The first floor is where the older boys, including your brother Aidan, are housed.  The walls are plastered with images of winter sports, which makes perfect sense given that it's the middle of summer.  Between the skiers and the snowboarders, the hallway continues east and west, while the main stairs go up to the girls' dorms and down to the younger boys' dorms; and of course there's the info desk back to the south.  A friendly-looking cardboard cutout of Olympic ski champion \cf1\highlight2 Stephan Eberharter \cf0\highlight0 holds a pouch full of cutouts of all things winter-sporty, practically begging you to stick more of them up on the walls.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Cardboard cutout of Olympic ski champion \cf1\highlight2 Stephan Eberharter\cf0\highlight0\i0\par
He's been glued to the wall, no doubt because this particular junction sees a lot more traffic than most.\par
\par
\i Pouch\i0\par
It's full of cutouts of snowboards, skis, hockey sticks, skates, sleds and other things that make you want to put on your scarf and your warm, woolly mittens.\par
\par
\i Snowboards, skis, hockey sticks, skates, sleds\i0\par
\cf1\highlight2 You see far too many of those here.\par
\pard\qj\cf0\highlight0\par
\ul First Floor Rooms, West\ulnone\par
You're at the west end of the first floor dorm area.  The winter sports theme continues on in spite of the summer sunshine streaming in through the window.  Aidan's room is to the north, flanked by a pair of matching hockey sticks, and you could take the fire stairs up or down.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >North\par
[Chapter 1 only] Aidan isn't in right now, and you shouldn't be poking around in his room while he's gone.  Even if he is your brother.  Especially if he's your brother.  And anyway, the door is locked.\par
[Chapter 8, door still locked:] You jiggle the handle, but the door is locked!\par
\par
>South\par
[Chapter 8:] That would put you in a dead end!  And by dead end, I mean DEAD end!  Also, all the doors there are locked.\par
[default:] Most of the rooms are locked.  And the ones that aren't, are occupied by people you do not know.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Door, doors\i0\par
No name tags, but each door has been decorated with cutouts of various sorts.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>Knock on door\par
You get no reply.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Snowboards, skis, hockey sticks, skates, sleds, cutouts\i0\par
\cf1\highlight2 You see far too many of those here.\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
\i Window\i0\par
It's locked, and sealed with a cutouts of cross-country skiers.  Through it, you can see Second Avenue.\par
\par
\i Second Avenue\i0\par
There's not much traffic, this time of the day, and you find yourself wondering what it would be like to snowshoe from one end to the other.  In winter, of course.  Not now.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul First Floor Rooms, East\ulnone\par
This is the east end of the first floor dorm area.  Through the window at the end of the hall, you can see Calvin Field North and a bunch of campers running about in the summer sunshine.  In here, you are surrounded by images of people having snowball fights.  The fire stairs at this end of the hall go up and down.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >North/South\par
[Chapter 8:] That would put you in a dead end!  And by dead end, I mean DEAD end!  Also, all the doors there are locked.\par
[default:] Most of the rooms are locked.  And the ones that aren't, are occupied by people you do not know.\par
[Note: see Chapter 2 text for after locating the bullies Hank and Joe]\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Door, doors\i0\par
No name tags, but each door has been decorated with cutouts of various sorts.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>Knock on door\par
You get no reply.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Snowboards, skis, hockey sticks, skates, sleds\i0\par
\cf1\highlight2 You see far too many of those here.\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
\i Window\i0\par
It's locked, and sealed with a large cutout of a dogsled pulled by more huskies than you thought was legal.  Through it, you can see Calvin Field North.\par
\par
\i Calvin Field North, campers, Myth Tag\i0\par
There seems to be an awful lot of running around over Calvin Field today.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Pits Stairwell\ulnone\par
This is the Pits, and evidently someone thought it would be a good idea to decorate the area dedicated to housing newbies with images taken from classic horror movies.  Frankenstein's monster looms over the doorway to the south, as if standing guard outside the Pits Lobby, while werewolves and vampires romp away to the east and west.  The stairs themselves lead back upstairs to the wintery delights of the first floor.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Frankenstein's monster\i0\par
He's holding a pouch full of scary monster cutouts.  "Go on, be an evil scientist," he seems to be saying, "go make more monsters.  Mwahahaha."\par
\par
\i Pouch\i0\par
It's full of pictures calculated to keep you awake all night.\par
\par
\i vampires, werewolves, monsters, ghouls\i0\par
Booga booga booga!\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Pits Rooms, West\ulnone\par
This end of the Pits hallway is somewhat less spooky than the rest: the paper skeletons dancing across the walls all seem quite cheerful and not at all threatening.  Dim light filters in through a high window, through which you can see the bushes and assorted shrubbery growing up against the building.  From here, you could also go back east to the main stairwell, or take the fire stairs upstairs.\par
\par
[after tracing emo-trail to Lucian's room]The sour, apprehensive flavor in the air seems to pool around one of the doors to the south.\par
\par
[once player has properly met Lucian]Lucian's room is to the south.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Listen\par
[Chapter 2:] Someone's got their CD player going on repeat.  Sounds like the same song, over and over....\par
\pard\qj\b0\par
\pard\li1440\qj >North/South\par
[Chapter 8:] That would put you in a dead end!  And by dead end, I mean DEAD end!  Also, all the doors there are locked.\par
[default:] Most of the rooms are locked.  And the ones that aren't, are occupied by people you do not know.\par
[Note: see Chapter 2 text for after locating Lucian's room]\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Door, doors\i0\par
No name tags, but each door has been decorated with cutouts of various sorts.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>Knock on door\par
You get no reply.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Skeletons\i0\par
They do look like a cheery bunch, don't they?\par
\par
\i Window\i0\par
It's rather high up in the wall, but you can see right under the bushes to Second Avenue.  If zombies attack, you could take out their kneecaps easy as anything, from here.\par
\par
\i Second Avenue\i0\par
From here, it looks like a thin ribbon of asphalt.\par
\par
\i Bushes, shrubbery\i0\par
It feels almost indecent, looking at everything from between their roots like this.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Pits Rooms, East\ulnone\par
Your room is at this end of the Pits hallway, just to the south of here.  You've elected to cover your door with the biggest cutout of a werewolf that you can find, because werewolves are cool.  The hallway continues west, and a high window on the east wall looks out across Calvin Field North.  Right beside your room door is the fire stair leading back upstairs.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >North\par
[Chapter 8:] That would put you in a dead end!  And by dead end, I mean DEAD end!  Also, all the doors there are locked.\par
[default:] Most of the rooms are locked.  And the ones that aren't, are occupied by people you do not know.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Door, doors\i0\par
No name tags, but each door has been decorated with cutouts of various sorts.\par
\pard\li1440\qj\par
>Knock on door\par
You get no reply.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Werewolf\i0\par
Rower.  Sure, werewolves are supposed to be scary, but you can't help but think they're too cool to be lumped together with all the zombies and vampires and assorted creeps that make up the standard classic horror fare.  [if player has looked at the portrait at Info Desk:] This particular one has huge whiskers that somehow make you think of the portrait of AQJ up by the info desk.\par
\par
\i Window\i0\par
The window is locked and sealed with a cutout you found of a werewolf gnawing on the leg of a skeleton.  From this angle, what you see through the window are mostly the legs of people running back and forth across Calvin Field North.\par
\par
\i Calvin Field North\i0\par
\i (Same as description at First Floor Rooms, East)\i0\par
\par
\pard\qj\ul Pits Lobby Central\ulnone\par
This section of the Pits is part of the older part of Jacobs Hall, and therefore cut up into more interesting shapes.  There are a bunch of storerooms, all of them locked, and then two very large halls to the east and west.  A passage to the north leads back to the main stairwell.  Apparently there used to be another staircase here going up, but it was ripped out to give this place a little more elbow room.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Up\par
There USED TO BE a staircase here.  Unless you have a time machine, going up from here is not going to get you anywhere.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Storerooms, storeroom doors\i0\par
Aidan told you once that the storerooms are full of vampires in their coffins, and that campers who tried to sneak around after lights out had a habit of disappearing, never to be seen again.  Haha, he's such a joker ... you weren't fooled for a minute.  Not for a minute, no sir....\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Open storerooms / enter storerooms\par
The storerooms are reassuringly locked tight.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Pits Lobby West\ulnone\par
\b [Chapter 1:] This windowless area used to be a wine cellar, but today it's like something out of science-fiction.  It's being used for the Virtuality option, and there are cables and computers and virtual reality equipment all over the place.  It's a little alarming, in fact, knowing that many of these campers -- the ones wearing the goggles, anyway -- can't actually see you.  The central lobby is back to the east.\par
[Chapter 2 onwards:] This windowless area used to be a wine cellar full of dusty old wine bottles, but these days it's full of shiny new virtual reality equipment.  All of it is kept locked up after hours, though; only the computers themselves are available, though all are currently in use.  The central lobby is back to the east.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Virtual Reality equipment, option, VR\i0\par
It's really quite amazing.  \b You'll have to sign up for the Virtuality option the next time it becomes available.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Computers\i0\par
Clearly money was not an issue when supplying the program with computers.  These are all powerful, top-of-the-line models, as they have to be to run the virtual reality software.  They're also new this year: last year's computers, though pretty good, weren't exactly NASA quality.  \b [Chapter 2:] All the computers are currently in use by other campers.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Read computers\par
"You are standing west of a white house...."\par
\par
>hit, attack, break computers\par
Your parents would have to sell you to gypsies if they had to pay to replace one of these computers.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Campers\i0\par
[Chapter 1:] You can barely see them under all the goggles and gloves and whatever.\par
[Chapter 2 onwards:] Some are checking their e-mail or surfing the web.  A few others seem to be playing some sort of all-text game.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >hit, attack, break campers\par
That's one way of making sure you're never allowed to try out the VR equipment, ever.\par
\par
>listen to campers\par
[Chapter 1:] They seem to be quite quietly engrossed with their virtual environments.\par
[Chapter 2:] Tap.  Tap tap tap tap tap.  Tap.  Tap tap.  Tap tap tap tappity tap tap tap.  Tap tap tap tap.  Tappity tappity tap tap tap.\par
\par
>focus on campers\par
[Chapter 1:] You sense nothing but an impending headache.\par
[Chapter 2:] You become aware of a wide variety of different sensations, ebbing and flowing and changing as you move around between the campers.  The most prominent seems to be some sort of drilling sensation in your ears.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Pits Lobby East\ulnone\par
This part of the Pits used to be the kitchen, once upon a time.  Imagine, having the kitchen in the basement, downstairs from the dining room!  All the kitchen equipment's been removed now, though, and the place is used as a sort of recreation room.  There are several Ping Pong tables here, and a Ping Pong tournament going in full swing.  The central lobby is back to the west.\par
\par
Ava and Stacy have both taken this option and are waiting for their turn at the ping pong tables.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Ping pong tables\i0\par
Regulation ping pong tables.  You could call them table tennis tables, but that sounds a little redundant.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take tables\par
You'll have to take the option first.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Tournament, option\i0\par
\b [Chapter 1:] It's still too early to say who's winning, but it looks like everybody's having fun.  So maybe everybody wins.\par
[Chapter 2:] Well, actually it's just a couple of Ping Pong fanatics who seem to spend their whole lives at the table.  They're continuing their ongoing tournament from last year.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\b\i Campers, players [in Chapter 2: include "fanatics" as a synonym.]\i0\par
They seem to be enjoying themselves.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Listen to campers\par
[Chapter 1:] Laughter accompanied by the pinging and ponging of Ping Pong balls bouncing over the tables and onto the floor.  Yes, they're definitely having fun.\par
[Chapter 2:] They're deathly silent.  The concentration on their faces is really something frightening.  The only sound you hear is the rapid spitfire ping-ping-ping of the ball bouncing back and forth between them.\par
\par
>hit, attack campers\par
They're armed with vicious-looking Ping Pong paddles.  You're not.\par
\par
>focus on campers\par
[Chapter 1:] You sense nothing but an impending headache.\par
[Chapter 2:] You can feel the intensity of their concentration.  It's like a brick wall surrounding them.  Your skin prickles.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i ball, balls\i0\par
Small, white, plastic and very light.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take balls\par
[Chapter 1:] You pick up one of the balls from the floor.  It's immediately claimed by one of the players, who thanks you and goes straight back to playing.\par
[Chapter 2:] You've got to have a death wish to want to interfere with this particular game.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Your Room\ulnone\par
You share this room with first-year camper Jeremy Dolan, who hates werewolves for some inexplicable reason.  He let you put the werewolf cutout on the outside of the door only because you let him put up a vampire cutout on the inside.  Jeremy's not around right now, though, so you'll have to wait before continuing your ongoing discussion as to whether vampires or werewolves are cooler.  In the meantime, there's your bed and your desk, and the door back to the north.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >North, out\par
You step out of the room, locking it behind you.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Werewolf\i0\par
He's on the other side of the door.  Thinking about it now, maybe you should have let Jeremy put his vampire cutout on that side instead, and wolfie on this side.\par
\par
\i Vampire\i0\par
It is a mystery to you why anyone would think these snotty, bloodless monsters are cool, except in the sense of being cold, dead bodies.  Also, this particular vampire cutout seems to have a disconcerting way of following you with his eyes, which is really creepy.\par
\par
\i Bed\i0\par
A standard, regulation LEAP bed, with nothing under it but dust.  You've looked several times, especially in the mornings when you can't find your [random: slippers, socks, shoes, keys].\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Look under bed\par
Oh hey, someone's gone and swept under the bed.\par
\par
>Enter bed, lie on bed, sleep\par
Now doesn't really seem to be the time for sleep.\par
\par
>Hide under bed\par
[Chapter 8:] Aidan may be pumped full of sedatives, but they're not going to make him stupid enough to miss you crawling under your bed!\par
[default:] Why?  You don't have to hide from anyone.\par
\par
>Hide/Put key under bed\par
Oh, very funny.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Desk\i0\par
A standard, regulation LEAP desk, with a built-in electrical outlet for your laptop if you have one.  The actual outlet is probably in some inconvenient place behind the desk, but why they couldn't just supply you with a power bar, you don't know.  Well, you suppose desks with built-in outlets are pretty cool.  Just ... not as cool as werewolves.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Second Floor Lobby\ulnone\par
Hooray for Hollywood!  The words are emblazoned right across the wall, over a cutout of Audrey Hepburn holding a pouch full of smaller cutouts of other Hollywood stars.  The glamour continues east and west, to where the younger girl campers are roomed, while the stairs go up and down.\par
\par
[Chapter 1:] A few tables have been set up here for the RPG option, and the campers involved seem thoroughly absorbed in the unfolding story.\par
[Chapter 2:] \b It looks like the folks who took yesterday's RPG option have decided to reconvene and keep playing.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Audrey Hepburn, large cutout, Holly Golightly\i0\par
It's Audrey Hepburn in her role as Holly Golightly in "Breakfast at Tiffany's."  You haven't seen that movie, but somehow you suspect that Holly Golightly never, at any point in the story, dangled a pouch of any sort from the end of her cigarette holder.\par
\par
\i Pouch\i0\par
It's full of big-name, A-list actors and actresses, past and present.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take cutout\par
[first time] You rummage around among the celebrities like a tabloid journalist questing for a scandal, and finally emerge with a small cutout of Charlie Chaplin.\par
[otherwise] A fellow can only take so much glamour in one go, don't you think?\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i RPG option\b , campers, gamers\b0\par
\i0 [Chapter 1:] You've not had much exposure to roleplaying games in the past, but \b this looks\b0  quite interesting.  You'd have signed up for this option this evening if it hadn't filled up within seconds of being offered.  You'll get another chance some time later, though, never fear.  At any rate, this time round they're playing something called 7th Sea, which seems to be all about swashbuckly goodness, arrr.\par
[Chapter 2:] They must have really enjoyed themselves yesterday.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\par
>Listen to option\par
[random:] "No way!  I should totally have made that roll!"\par
[or] "Where's my drama die, then?"\par
[or] "...one and one and two and two and one...."\par
[or] "Excuse me, milady, but I must punch you in the face now."\par
[or] "It could be worse.  Okay, maybe that IS worse."\par
[or] "But I am not left-handed either!"\par
[or] "What?  A gazebo?  How ... how big is it?"\par
[or] "We confront the villainous villainess with the evidence!"\par
[or] "He what?  That no-good scoundrel!"\par
[or] "I hit it with my sword."\par
\par
\b >Focus on option/campers\par
[Chapter 1:] You are distracted by a mild itch in one ear.\par
[Chapter 2:] You stare at the gamers.  You could almost swear there's a dark, bluish-green aura about them, and their speech seems to buzz like a swarm of bees.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Second Floor Rooms, West\ulnone\par
The large window at this end of the corridor would normally look out over Second Avenue, but someone's gone and plastered it over with cutouts of every actor who's ever played James Bond.  There's definitely a spy thriller motif going on here: the only surfaces not covered with more of the same are the doors to the rooms and the door to the fire stairs, which continue up and down from here.  The way back to the east looks significantly less cloak-and-dagger.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i James Bond, Sean Connery, George Lazenby, Pierce Brosnan, Timothy Dalton, Roger Moore, Daniel Craig.\i0\par
Someone clearly thinks this is the spy who loved her.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Get Bond, Kill Bond\par
You don't have a death trap to put him in.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i David Niven\i0\par
Oh hey, someone's even counted the 1967 not-entirely-serious version of "Casino Royale"!\par
\par
\i Window\i0\par
The view is clearly for someone else's eyes only.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Second Floor Rooms, East\ulnone\par
The girls at this end of the corridor seem to prefer movie posters to cutouts of actors.  The only cutout here is a lifesize Humphrey Bogart, on the door to the fire stairs.  Opposite Bogey, to the north, is Ava and Stacy's room, while behind Bogey are stairs going up and down.  And at the end of the corridor is, of course, the window overlooking Calvin Field, and stardom continues back to the west.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >North\par
[Chapter 1 only] Ava and Stacy aren't in right now, and it wouldn't be right to go poking around in other people's rooms while they're gone.  And anyway, the door is locked.\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Humphrey Bogart, Bogey, Sam Spade\par
\i0 Humphrey Bogart as Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon": trenchcoat, fedora, world-weary expression, and a general air of noir-ness.  Apparently he's guarding the stairs.\par
\par
\i Window\i0\par
From here, you can see people running around on Calvin Field below.  The window itself is locked, of course.\par
\par
\i Posters\i0\par
You haven't heard of half of these films.  You wouldn't watch most of the others.  The remaining few are pretty good, though: you know that those were put up by your friends Ava and Stacy, who at least have some sense in them.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Third Floor Lobby\ulnone\par
This is where the older girls have their rooms.  The walls are painted a very dark blue, and there are planets, stars and all things space-age stuck all over the place.  A cutout of an astronaut holds out a pouch full of astronomical bits; the corridor itself extends east and west, and the stairs continue down to the rest of the dorms and up to the roof.\par
\par
[Chapter 1:] Under a particularly starry patch of ceiling, a group of campers, including your brother Aidan, is engaged in some freeform improvised poetry.  This is the Rap Session option, you think.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Astronaut\i0\par
\cf1\highlight2 You can't tell who it is behind the visor, but it's almost certainly Neil Armstrong.\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
\cf1\highlight2\i Neil Armstrong\i0\par
One small step for a man, one giant LEAP ... well, clearly someone thought they were being awfully clever.\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
\i Pouch\i0\par
A bag full of constellations.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take star\par
[first time] You rummage around in the pouch and eventually pull out a large, five-pointed star.\par
[otherwise] No, people will think you're planning on decorating the girls' dorms, and that's just wrong on too many levels.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Rap Session\i0  (Chapter 1 only)\par
Rap or beat poetry, there's not that much difference that you can see here.  People are basically talking about their lives in an improvised rhythmic fashion.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe after your improv theater class.\par
\par
\b >Listen to rap\par
The girl holding center stage right now is good.  Very good.  But the more you listen, the more your head hurts, and you're finally forced to take a few steps away from the group.\b0\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Third Floor Rooms, West\ulnone\par
In defiance of the prescribed decoration scheme, someone has stuck a large poster of one of Van Gogh's "Starry Night" paintings on the wall here.  The scattering of constellations around seem small and weak by comparison.  There is also the window overlooking Second Avenue, surrounded by a thicket of stars; meanwhile, the fire stairs only go down from here, and the corridor continues back to the east.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Van Gogh, Starry Night, painting, poster\i0\par
It's very much an artistic interpretation of the subject; generally, the cutouts provided here tend to take more of a scientific, or at least science-fictional, approach.\par
\par
\i Window\i0\par
It overlooks Second Avenue, and it's locked.  The ground may be a lot closer than the general decor here would have you believe, but it's still not close enough to jump.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Third Floor Rooms, East\ulnone\par
This end of the corridor looks like the inside of a space shuttle.  Someone's gone to great care to create window-like frames for the stars and planets and whatnot; even the window overlooking Calvin Field has been made to look like a space shuttle viewport.  Outer Space is back to the west; presumably the planet Earth is down the stairs.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Viewports, windows, frames\i0\par
\cf1\highlight2 You have to wonder what the Powers That Be think of people actually applying paint to the walls.  I mean, there's a reason they provided cutouts to paste onto the walls, and that you can take off again.  Then again, well, there's no way anyone could have done all this in the short time you've been here, so quite probably it was done by the college kids during the semester and the Powers That Be decided to just go with the theme rather than call in the graffiti removal squad.\cf0\highlight0\par
\par
\i Window\i0\par
Through the constellation of Orion, you can see Calvin Field below and the people running around on it.\par
\par
\i Orion\i0\par
The mighty hunter ... he's the only constellation you can recognize in the night sky.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Rooftop\ulnone\par
The rooftop is only accessible when there's an activity or option that uses it.  Otherwise, it's off-limits, not that you can really imagine why anyone would want to come up here.  It's all black gravel and tar.  The courtyard downstairs is way more pleasant.\par
\par
(Chapter 1 only:) The Eggdrop option is busy tossing boxes of eggs over the parapet: a table has been set up as well, and is covered with artsy-craftsy materials with which a number of campers are building egg-preservation containers.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Jump, jump off roof, kill me\par
Don't do it, Daniel!  You have so much to live for!\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Courtyard\i0\par
It's three storeys down, and made of hard concrete.  Jumping is not advisable: take the stairs like a normal person.\par
\par
\i Parapet\i0\par
It's all that's keeping you from a three-storey drop onto a very hard surface.\par
\par
\b\i Table, artsy-craftsy materials\i0\par
The table is covered with artsy-craftsy materials: cardboard boxes, egg cartons, feathers, bits of cloth, sticks, rubber bands, and so on.  There are also several cartons of eggs.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take table, materials\par
You can't just take everything!  For one thing, the other campers would get upset.  And for another, your pockets aren't quite big enough.\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Cartons\i0\par
Some are still full of eggs.  Others have been cut up to form other egg containment units.\par
\par
\i eggs\i0\par
There's something vaguely wrong about how they're all the exact same shade of white.\par
\par
\i sticks, \b shish-kebab skewers\b0\i0\par
\b Wooden shish-kebab skewers, the sort you get at shish-kebab restaurants, only without the shish-kebab.\b0\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take stick\par
[first time] You help yourself to one of the wooden skewers.  No-one notices or cares.\par
[otherwise] You've already helped yourself to a skewer.  You don't need another one.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i cloth\i0\par
There must have been a sale on green cloth somewhere in town this last week.  There's enough cloth here to make a dozen wedding dresses.  Green wedding dresses, admittedly, but you get the picture.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take cloth\par
[first time] You help yourself to a small square of the green fabric.  No-one notices or cares.\par
[otherwise] You've already helped yourself to some of that cloth.  No sense in taking any more.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i glue\i0\par
There is a large bottle of white glue here, available for use and constantly in use.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take glue\par
You pick up the bottle of glue just as another camper reaches for it.  You hesitate a moment, then relinquish it to the other camper.  It occurs to you that, while you probably could just slip in to apply some glue onto something or other, taking possession of the glue itself might not be a good idea.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i feathers, boa\i0\par
Someone's gone and raided the theatrical costumes and dragged up a few multi-colored feather boas for the option.  Every now and then, someone wrenches a bunch of feathers from a boa to stick into their egg boxes.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take feather\par
[first time] You pluck a feather from one of the boas.  No-one notices or cares.\par
[otherwise] You only need one feather.  No sense in taking another one, unless you plan on taking the option.\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Option, people, campers\i0\par
The idea is to build a container that will enable an egg to survive a three-storey drop onto the concrete below.  Everybody seems to be very deeply involved in the project.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take option\par
Maybe tomorrow.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Ava and Stacy's Room\ulnone\par
Ava and Stacy both keep their respective sides of the room perfectly tidy; it's rather intimidating, actually.  You can tell whose side is whose by the stuff they keep on their desks: Ava has a CD player, an assortment of CDs, and a few books; Stacy has a few broken gadgets that she's fixing, probably because she broke them to begin with.  One of them has taped a poster for "Casablanca" on the door to the south.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i CD player\i0\par
It also plays MP3s.  Ava loves her music.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >listen to CD player, turn on CD player\par
You didn't come up here to listen to Ava's CDs.  Especially since she seems to be obsessing over a lot of bands that you've never even heard of.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i CDs\i0\par
Ava's on a folksong kick right now.  It's only a matter of time before she turns country-and-western, you think.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Listen to CDs\par
[try listen to CD player]\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Books\i0\par
A little light reading, mostly cosy little mysteries set in small New England towns.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Take books, read books\par
You don't really have the time right now.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Gadgets\i0\par
Stacy's very fond of taking things apart and putting them back together again.  She's going to become a mad scientist and take over the world one day, if you and Ava don't watch her.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Take gadgets, touch gadgets, move gadgets\par
You wouldn't know where to begin.  And Stacy's giving you a look that plainly says, "try it and die."\par
\par
>Break gadgets, hit gadgets\par
Too late, they're already broken beyond any hope of non-Stacy repair.\b0\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Tools\i0\par
Rule one: never touch Stacy's tools.  Rule two: see rule one.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Take tools, touch tools, break tools, hit tools, move tools\par
Rule one: never touch Stacy's tools.  Rule two: see rule one.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Poster, Casablanca\i0\par
Here's lookin' at you, kid.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Lucian's Room\par
\ulnone [before introduction to Lucian] It's another dorm room, not much different from your own.  There are the desks and beds, and a few cutouts pasted on the walls.  A CD player on one desk is playing [SONG], on repeat.\par
\par
[after introduction to Lucian] It's another dorm room, not much different from your own.  Lucian's desk and bed are on one side; a CD player, playing [SONG] over and over, sits on his desk beside a couple of framed photographs.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Bed, beds\i0\par
Standard, regulation LEAP beds.\par
\par
\i Desk, desks\i0\par
Standard, regulation LEAP desks, littered with the odd personal items that save them from complete anonymity.\par
\par
\i Photographs\i0\par
There are two of them.  One appears to be a class photograph taken a year or two ago: there's an older man, maybe in his fifties, surrounded by a bunch of kids, in front of a blackboard.  The other is much older, judging by the clothes and hair, and shows a cheerful little old lady sitting on a bench in a colorful flower garden.\par
\par
\i CD player\i0\par
How many times can one person listen to [SONG] at one go?\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Aidan's Room\ulnone\par
Aidan shares this room with some guy whose name you never caught and whom you almost never see.  Aidan keeps his half of the room neat and spartan, almost as if he were expecting a military inspection at any moment.  The bedclothes look to be pulled tight enough to bounce a penny to the ceiling, and the desk is practically bare but for a few neatly regulated necessities.  The door to the dorm corridor is back to the south.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Bed\i0\par
Your father is a naval officer, and Aidan seems to take this fact rather more seriously than you do.  His bed is perfectly ship-shape, with shoes and boots lined up for inspection beside it.  You happen to know that Aidan also keeps a guitar stashed away under his bed, behind those perfect shoes and boots.\par
\par
\i shoes, boots\i0\par
If you kept your shoes and boots in such perfect order, you wouldn't have to hunt about for them every morning.  You'd also freak out your roommate ... which Aidan no doubt has already done, seeing as how whats-his-name never seems to be around.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Wear shoes, take shoes\par
They're a little too big for you.  Also, they smell.\par
\par
>Smell shoes\par
*** You have died ***\par
\par
Okay, not really, but you get the picture.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Guitar\i0\par
It's in its case, for now.  Aidan's quite good, though he doesn't practice as much as he really should.  You sometimes wonder where he finds the time to practice at all.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj\b >Play guitar, take guitar\par
[default:] You don't know how to play the guitar.\par
[Chapter 8:] Music may soothe the savage beast, but nothing you could pluck from this instrument could count as "music", so you're out of luck here.\par
\pard\li720\qj\b0\par
\i Neatly Regulated Necessities, toiletries\i0\par
Aidan's toiletries are so neatly laid out that you wonder if he ever actually uses them.\par
\par
\pard\li1440\qj >Take, push, move, pull, hit, break toiletries\par
It would be a sin to meddle with such perfect order.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hank and Joe's Room\ulnone\par
The less said about the mess in this room, the better.  The exit is back to the north.\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i mess\i0\par
No, really, the less said the better.\par
\pard\qj\par
}
 