{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\lang4105\f0\fs24\par
\ul AIDAN\ulnone\par
\par
[Chapter 1-5:] Aidan is your big brother.  He looks quite a lot like you, only taller and broader.  He's pretty cool; he just turned 15 a couple of months ago, but hasn't gotten too cool to be seen with you yet.  On the other hand, if your secret plot to grow up just like him works out, he'll never get too cool for you.\par
\par
[Chapter 6:] Robin Hood is thy brother in arms -- and indeed, thy brother Aidan.  There is not a nobler fellow in all of merry old England.\par
\par
[Chapter 7:] [See "Focus" action]\par
\par
[Chapter 8:] Aidan looks a bit drugged out, but no less dangerous.  [before meeting with Brad:] His right hand is clenched in a fist around his room keys, which he seems intent on sending to the back of your skull. [after meeting with Brad:]  His hands are clenched into fists, and he seems intent on pounding you into applesauce.\par
\par
[Chapter 9, outside mindscape:] He doesn't look very happy to be here.  Then again, who would?  Fortunately for everyone, he's also unconscious and drooling slightly.  He's being kept sedated, but goodness only knows how long that will last. [go to ">Focus on Aidan"]\par
\par
[Chapter 9, inside mindscape, in The Land Of The Dead:]\par
\pard\li720\qj [no rings on:] He looks grey and cold and lifeless.  His hands are crossed at the wrist, over his chest, fingers splayed.  For some reason, he's dressed up as Robin Hood.\par
[one ring on:] He looks like he's asleep.  His hands are crossed at the wrist, over his chest, fingers splayed.  For some reason, he's dressed up as Robin Hood.  A single gold ring glints on one finger.\par
[two rings on:] He looks feverish, like he's in pain.  He's wearing a pair of matching rings.\par
\par
\pard\qj [Chapter 9, inside mindscape, during battle with the Thief:] Aidan is your big brother.  He looks quite a lot like you, only taller and broader.  He also seems to know kung fu, though that isn't really giving him much of an edge over the Thief.\par
\par
[Chapter 10:] Aidan is your big brother.  He looks quite a lot like you, only taller and broader.  He's pretty cool when he isn't a raving murderous monster, which Dr Rose says is never going to happen again.  For now, he just looks grateful that anyone at all is willing to still be friends with him after everything that's happened in the past week.\par
\par
\par
ROOM DESCRIPTION TEXT\par
\par
[Chapter 1:] Your brother Aidan is here, having signed up for the Rap Session option.\par
\par
[Chapter 2, outside Aidan's room:] Your brother Aidan is here.\par
\par
[Chapter 2, inside Aidan's room:] Aidan is sitting at his desk, clearly in the middle of a computer game of some sort.\par
\par
[Chapter 3, 5, 10:] [no room description text; is Scenery]\par
\par
[Chapter 6:] Robin Hood, thy brother-in-arms, standeth before thee.\par
\par
[Chapter 7:] Aidan's here, and he looks seriously psychotic!\par
\par
[Chapter 8:] \lang2057 Aidan is here, swaying a little and looking like an enraged bull with a killer headache.\par
\par
[Chapter 9, outside mindscape or in Land Of The Dead:] [is Scenery]\par
\par
[Chapter 9, in Deepest Place:] Aidan's here, and he looks normal.  Except he knows kung fu, which isn't quite normal.\lang4105\par
\par
\par
ACTIONS\par
\pard\li720\qj\ul\par
\pard\qj\ulnone\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  \par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 2, 3, 5:] No way, Mom would kill you.  After she's done killing Aidan for killing you, because, let's face it, Aidan could probably break you in two with both hands tied behind his back.\par
[Chapter 6:] Nay, 'twould get thee kicked from the simulation.\par
[Chapter 7, 8:] Are you out of your mind?\par
[Chapter 9, outside dreamscape:] No way.  Somewhere inside that monster is the brother who helped you with the bullies and who carried you all the way to the hospital himself when you collapsed.  Right now, he needs your help more than anything.\par
[Chapter 9, inside dreamscape:] Aidan certainly isn't expecting that, but he's quick enough to dodge your attack.  You've distracted him just enough, however.  (Go straight to section "You Fail To Give Aidan The Sword" in Chapter 09 text)\par
\pard\qj\i Kiss:\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 2, 3, 5:] You're a little too old for that sort of soppiness, don't you think?\par
[Chapter 6:] Thou art past the age for such sop, dost thou not think?\par
[Chapter 7, 8:] That's not going to change his mind!\par
[Chapter 9:] Sadly, you lack the magical Mom power of kissing away owies.\par
\pard\qj\i Push:\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 2:] You nudge Aidan with your elbow.  He nudges you back without thinking.\par
[Chapter 3, 5:] He's too far away, and probably wouldn't appreciate it anyway.\par
[Chapter 6:] The script doth proceed apace without recourse to aught additional effort on thy part.\par
[Chapter 7, 8:] Are you out of your mind?\par
[Chapter 9:] Aidan isn't going anywhere without your help, and this isn't helping.\par
\pard\qj\i Pull, move:\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 2:] Aidan's quite capable of moving on his own, thank you very much.\par
[Otherwise, see chapter-appropriate responses to "Push"]\par
\pard\qj\i Focus:\i0\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] You stare intently at your brother.  "Hey, didn't we stop playing those staring games years and years ago?"\par
[Chapter 2, 3:] You think you can hear someone playing an oboe.  Somewhere.\par
[Chapter 5:] Aidan seems a little more irritable than usual.  You're not sure what it is, but there's something new and dangerous about him, lurking just under the surface.\par
[Chapter 6:] Thy brother is in a temper, and thou shouldst tread carefully about him.\par
\lang2057 [Chapter 7:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj [first time:] You sense rage and anger and frustration and hatred and more rage, so much so that you almost feel the same emotions yourself.  Just when you think you're going to fall into the same emotional whirlpool as Aidan has, you become aware that Aidan has paused in his assault on Lucian, and instead is swaying a little, a confused look on his face.  As you register this, Aidan shakes his head and returns his attention to Lucian\par
\par
Ava looks from you to Aidan and back.  "What did you just do?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li1440\qj [second time:] Rage and anger and hatred and rage and nothing else and suddenly you find yourself somewhere else entirely.... [In The Battlefield, see Chapter 07]\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 8:] [before showing photograph] So much anger!  He's like a walking explosion of anger and aggression and more anger and it's every bit as scary as the fact that he's trying to kill you!\par
[Chapter 8:] [after showing photograph] So much anger!  But ... there, underneath it all, is that a hint of that brotherly love and concern that made him carry you all the way to the hospital last week?\par
\lang4105\par
[Chapter 9, outside dreamscape:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj\lang2057 [first time] You can sense raw, directionless rage and aggression, mixed with a large dose of confusion, all of it fortunately damped down by the sedatives.  Now that you're aware of it, it becomes rather hard to ignore.  Dr Rose, watching you intently, encourages you to go on.  "You can do it, Daniel.  I know you can."\par
[second time] It's just like the last time, only the aggressive emotions seem much more muted.  There is confusion and fear as well.  As you focus, Aidan's emotions become the only ones you are aware of, and then you're somewhere else....\par
[after having been expelled from the mindscape]  You take a deep breath and focus again on your brother's emotions.  The sensations are beginning to seem all too familiar, and once again you find yourself in....\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 9, inside dreamscape:] Given that you're currently inside his mind, that would probably not be a good idea.\par
\par
[Chapter 10:] You sense nothing.  And thank goodness for that.\par
\pard\qj\lang4105\par
\par
CONVERSATION TOPICS\ul\par
\ulnone\par
\ul Anything at all, Chapter 7 and 8\ulnone\par
Aidan does not appear to be in any mood to listen to you.  He probably can't even hear you over the pounding blood in his ears.\par
\par
\ul Anything at all, Chapter 3 and 5\par
\ulnone Aidan's too far away to speak to, at the moment.  You'll have to wait until later this evening.\par
\par
\ul Default response in Chapter 6\par
\ulnone Forsooth, such existeth not within the bounds of this simulation.\par
\par
\par
\ul LEAP\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "Yeah, I always have a great time here.  How about you?"\par
\pard\li1440\qj 1. "Yeah, it's been awesome!"\par
2. "Not so good...."\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj 1. "Hey, you don't have to tell me.  But if anything goes wrong, give me a shout, okay?"\par
\par
2. [chapter 1:] Aidan looks a little concerned.  "What's wrong?" he asks, and you're about to tell him everything when you realize that the whole Rap Session option is watching the two of you, clearly waiting for Aidan to take his turn.  "I'll tell you later," you say at last, figuring that things can probably wait a while.\par
\par
2. [chapter 2:] Aidan looks a little concerned.  "What's wrong?" he asks.\par
\pard\li1440\qj 3. "I've been getting these headaches...."\par
4. [if player has found out about Lucian's trouble with the bullies and the earth crystal] "Well, there are these bullies...."\par
5. (shrug) "Oh, nothing much, really...."\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
3. You tell Aidan some of what's been going on.  He frowns a bit, and says, "sounds like a migraine headache, to me.  You'd better go lie down, and call your counselor if it gets any worse."\par
\par
4. [see "bullies" topic below.  This sends Aidan off to confront the bullies.]\par
\par
5. "Yeah, right.  Look, Daniel, if something's bothering you, you know you can always talk to me about it, right?  Or there's your counselor ... Brad, right?  He's pretty cool with things, and he won't tell a soul if you ask him not to."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Damon Rose\ulnone\par
\cf1\highlight2 [Chapter 1, 2:] "Yeah, he was a pretty cool dude.  You remember, you met him last year.  I was kind of worried about how things were going to be this year, now he's gone and his sister's in charge, but so far it's been okay, I think."\par
\cf0\highlight0\par
\ul Claudia Rose\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "She seems like a nice lady.  Kind of like everybody's favorite auntie, eh?"\par
\par
\ul Brad Kramer\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "I never had him as a counselor, but he joins some of us for a game of basketball now and then.  He's pretty cool, actually."\par
\par
\ul Ava/Stacy\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1:]\par
\pard\li720\qj "Oh yeah, she's your girlfriend, isn't she?"\par
"She is not!"\par
"Sure she isn't." Aidan grins in a way that makes you want to smack him. [if the player has asked about the other girl before:] "You're going to have to choose between one of those two girls one of these days, you know."\par
"She is NOT my girlfriend!"\par
\pard\qj\par
[Chapter 2:] It wouldn't be polite to talk about her while she's standing right there.  Anyway, Aidan's probably going to give you the ribbing of your life later about how all the girls just fawn over you, bleagh.\par
\par
[Chapter 6:] And who, pray tell, is this maiden of whom thou asketh?  She appeareth not in the script.\par
\par
\ul Much\ulnone\par
[Chapter 6:] Much may be made of muchness, but thy comrade appeareth not in the humor to humor thy question.\par
\par
\par
\lang2057\ul bullies / Joe / Hank / crystal / Lucian (Chapter 2, after having met/trailed the bullies)\ulnone\par
"Hank and Joe up to their old tricks again, huh?  I'll deal with them."  Aidan gets up from his desk (he doesn't even hit "pause"!  What kind of game doesn't need to be paused when you leave it?) and sets off down the hallway.\par
\lang4105\par
\ul Lucian\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1:] Who?\par
[Chapter 2:] \par
\pard\li720\qj [before having met/trailed the bullies:] "Sorry, Daniel, I don't see how I can help, there."\par
[after having met/trailed the bullies: see above]\par
[after getting the crystal:] "I hope getting back that crystal makes your friend feel better."\par
\pard\qj [Chapter 6:] This Lucian of whom thou speaketh, existeth not in the time of Robin Hood.\par
\par
\ul Bullies / Joe / Hank\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1:] "Look, if anyone starts picking on you, you be sure to tell me, okay?"\par
[Chapter 2:]\par
\pard\li720\qj [before finding out about the crystal:] "Sorry, Daniel.  I mean, I could just tell them to stop picking on people, but that's never worked before.  Unless there's something else you need from them, we're out of luck."\par
[after having met/trailed the bullies: see above]\par
\pard\qj [Chapter 6:] Such craven villains existeth not in the time of Robin Hood; or if they did, thou shalt surely vanquish them ere the tale is told.\par
\par
\ul Zork, laptop, game\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1:] "I've got to show you this Zork game that we're doing for the classic Interactive Fiction class some time.  I started it up on the laptop last night, and it's pretty cool."\par
[Chapter 2:] "Check it out, this is what adventure games on the computer looked like way back before they figured out how to get pictures in.  This one here is Zork; you're this nameless adventurer dude on a treasure hunt in this great network of caves, and there's this thief who keeps popping up and stealing your stuff ... I bet you've got to defeat him somehow, but I haven't gotten that far yet."\par
[Chapter 6:] Such is of a different simulation from this.\par
\par
\pard\ul Guitar, music\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "I should practice my guitar more, but there's just way too much other stuff to do here."\par
[Chapter 6:] Such things are the province of Alan-a-Dale; the chosen instrument of thy brother-in-arms is the longbow.\par
\par
\lang2057\ul Oboe\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "I don't play the oboe.  Why do you ask?"\par
[Chapter 6:] \lang4105 Such things are the province of Alan-a-Dale; the chosen instrument of thy brother-in-arms is the longbow.\par
\par
\ul Mom, dad, parents, family, home\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "I wonder how Mom is enjoying things in Djibouti.  I know Dad's going to be there for however long the Navy wants him there, but Mom should be back before camp's out."\par
[Chapter 6:] The house of Locksley is both old and noble, and Robin of Locksley its noble scion.\par
\par
\ul Djibouti\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] "Your guess is as good as mine.  We'll have to wait to see Mom's pictures."\par
\lang2057\par
\ul Navy\ulnone\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] Aidan smiles.  You already know he wants to join up as soon as he can; he'd do it right out of high school if Mom and Dad didn't insist he spend some time in college first.\par
\par
\ul Longbow, bow, archery\ulnone\par
[Chapter 6:] "I'm Robin Hood.  That means I'm the best there is with a longbow."\par
\par
\ul Nottingham\ulnone\par
[Chapter 6:] "The town of Nottingham isn't too far off.  We can get there in plenty of time."\par
\par
\ul Mass, Church\ulnone\par
[Chapter 6:] "Only a real villain would dare to try and pick a fight in a church, so we'll be fine."\par
}
 