{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\lang4105\ul\f0\fs24 AVA\ulnone\par
\par
You met Ava last year, here at LEAP.  She's a rosy-cheeked girl with long, brown pigtails; since last year, she's also acquired a pair of glasses that, she claims, make her look like a young Nana Mouskouri.\par
\par
\par
ROOM DESCRIPTION TEXT\par
\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] \lang2057 Ava and Stacy have both taken this option and are waiting for their turn at the ping pong tables. [This text already in room description.]\par
\par
[Chapter 4:] Ava is here.\par
\par
[Chapter 7:] Ava is following you, here eyes wide with fright.\par
\par
[Chapter 10:] [in room description]\lang4105\par
\par
\par
ATTACHED SCENERY\par
\par
\ul pigtails, hair\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj Examine: Ava has her hair done in two fat pigtails hanging down her back.  You've never seen her with her hair loose.\par
Pull, take: Sure, but there aren't any convenient inkwells to dip them in.  Besides, if Aidan found out he'd find some way of interpreting this to mean you must have a crush on Ava.\par
Focus: [try "Focus on Ava"]\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul glasses, spectacles\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj Examine: They're very rectangular, with black plastic rims.  Not the sort of glasses you'd pick out if you had to wear them, which you don't.  But Ava seems to like the effect.\par
Take, hit, break: No, Ava still needs them.\par
Focus: That would be like staring deeply into Ava's eyes, which is just the sort of thing Aidan would call "evidence of a crush".  Bleagh.\par
\pard\qj\par
ACTIONS\par
\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  No, how heartless could you possibly be?\par
\par
\i Kiss:\i0  Do that, and Aidan will never give up about Ava being your girrrrrlfriend.\par
\par
\i Focus:\i0\par
\pard\li1440\qj [Chapter 1:] "Is something wrong, Daniel?  You're looking at me all funny."\par
[Chapter 2:] You can almost swear that the air feels sort of fuzzy all around you when you do that.\par
[Chapter 4:] There's a muted version of Aidan's oboe; it's similar, but somehow different, not as loud.  The air feels thick and velvety around her.  She's ... worried? Concerned?  Confused?  Something like that.\par
[Chapter 7:] Ava is frightened and almost panicking.  You don't need any sort of superpower to figure that out.\par
[Chapter 10:] You sense nothing.  And thank goodness for that.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
CONVERSATION\par
\par
\ul Nana Mouskouri\ulnone  \par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 7:] "Really, Daniel, this is not the time!"\par
[Otherwise:] "She's my favorite singer!  She's got a fantastic voice!"  Ava begins to sing something about how only love can make a memory, before you stop her.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Music \ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 7:] "Really, Daniel, I don't think that's going to help!"\par
[Otherwise:] "I'm listening to a lot of folk music these days."  She names a few groups that you've never heard of, most of them from the Canadian maritime provinces.  "My parents got me a voice teacher last September, and she's from Halifax, Nova Scotia."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Voice lessons, singing\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 7, Lucian is not nearby:] "I don't see how that can help right now, Daniel!"\par
[Chapter 7, in the Library, Lucian needs to be coaxed out of the vent:] "Well ... there's that song ... oh no."  Ava glances at the vent and looks at you, hesitating.\par
[default:] "My parents got me a voice teacher last September, and I'm registered for singing lessons here as well.  My folks think I'm going to be a great opera singer, but actually I'd rather sing folk music."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul [SONG]\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj "Oh no," Ava winces, "I spent way too much time practicing with that song after I started with the voice lessons.  It's kind of a silly song, anyway."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Aidan\ulnone  \par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapters 1-2:] "I think your brother is kind of cute."  Ava giggles a little, then turns bright red. "You won't tell him I said that, will you?  I'd die!"\par
[Chapter 4:] "He looked pretty bad," Ava says, worriedly.  "I hope he'll be okay!"\par
[Chapter 7:] "He's gone crazy!  We've got to do something!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "I feel kind of sorry for him.  I mean, it wasn't exactly his fault that he went crazy, was it?  And now of course everyone's afraid he'll go crazy again."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Stacy\ulnone  \par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 7:] Ava wrings her hands.  "I wish Stacy were here!  She always has some bright idea to fix things!"\par
[Otherwise:] "She's so thin, I worry about her.  I mean, I know she eats okay, but ..." Ava sighs.  "If she weren't my best friend, I'd totally hate her."\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\lang2057\ul Lucian\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Haven't met Lucian yet:] Who?\par
[Chapter 2 (after meeting Lucian), chapter 4:] "He's not bad, really.  He's just kind of shy and homesick."\par
[Chapter 7:] "We've got to help him, Daniel!  Aidan's really going to kill him!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "I think it was awfully brave of him to go looking for help that night, wasn't it?  Most people would have locked themselves in their rooms."\par
\pard\li1440 Across the table, Lucian blushes and pretends to be completely absorbed in his breakfast.\par
\pard\par
\ul Brad\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 "He's your counselor this year, right?  That's really all I know about him, sorry."\par
\pard\par
\ul Michelle\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 "I just know that she's one of the counselors, and that she likes music."\par
\pard\par
\ul Claudia\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 1:] "I wonder what she's like.  I hear she's only temporary, though, until they get someone who actually knows about camps and teaching and that sort of thing to take over."\par
[Chapter 2:] "If things get too bad, Daniel, at least we've got a doctor in charge of the camp."\par
[Chapter 4:] "Well, she seems like a nice lady.  You really should do as she says and try to get some rest."\par
[Chapter 7:] "I don't think she can help us here, Daniel!"\par
[Chapter 10:] [if C10.1 has not been reached, go there now.  Otherwise:] Ava shrugs.  "She's been really nice, I suppose.  I mean, if she hadn't been there, you and Aidan would both be dead, or worse.  That's more than just being nice, but you know what I mean."\par
\pard\par
\ul Hank, Joe, bullies\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Before learning about bullies:] "I've heard people talk about being bullied, but no-one's tried to push me around so far."\par
[Chapter 2, after learning about bullies:] "I really don't understand why anyone would want to be so mean!"\par
[Chapter 4:] "I wouldn't know, Daniel.  I've been avoiding them ever since that night when we got Lucian's crystal back from them."\par
[Chapter 7:] "Daniel, right now Aidan's a thousand times worse than both Hank Thomson and Joe Gaffikin put together.  We've got to do something!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "I haven't seen them today.  I hear they came down with food poisoning last night and had to be taken to the hospital."\par
\pard\li1440 "No surprise," mutters Stacy, pushing a slab of scrambled egg around her plate.\par
\pard\par
\ul Damon Rose\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 7:] "I don't think that's going to help, Daniel!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "It was really tragic, him dying so suddenly.  He was better at spending time with us campers, you know, but then I guess Dr Rose also has her hospital work, and he didn't."\par
[default:] "Oh, that was really tragic!  He seemed so full of life, you know?  And so nice.  I mean, I never got to talk to him personally or anything, but you remember the welcome speech on the first day last year, and the farewell speech.... Of course, his sister's in charge now, and she also seems quite nice, even if she didn't make any welcome speeches.  Maybe she's shy."\par
\pard\par
\ul Antonia\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 "I just know what Stacy tells me.  I wasn't in any of her classes last year, and I'm not registered for any of them this year either."\par
\pard\par
\ul Daniel\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 1:] "What an odd question!"  Ava sticks her tongue out at you.  "I think you're just being silly."\par
[Chapter 2:] "I don't really know what's happening or why.  I hope it isn't anything serious."\par
[Chapter 4:] "You should be resting, Daniel.  That's what Dr Rose said."\par
[Chapter 7:] "You've got to do something, Daniel!  I don't know, can't you make Aidan feel less angry or something?"\par
[Chapter 10:] Ava smiles, but doesn't say anything.\par
\pard\par
\ul Powers\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 1:] What powers?\par
[Chapter 2:] "Well, if that's what you want to call it.  I think it's probably more like an allergy."\par
[Chapter 4:] "I don't know what to say, Daniel."  Ava shifts uncomfortably.  "It's like something out of a comic book."\par
[Chapter 7:] "Why do you think I came looking for you?  You've got to use those powers of yours to help.  This is more important than any silly earth crystal!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "I just hope your powers didn't have any side effects, like Aidan's had." Ava shakes her head worriedly.\par
\pard\par
\par
\ul LEAP, camp\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 1:] "Stacy and I are having a great time already!  I just wish the food were better, but I suppose you can't have everything."\par
[Chapter 2 (before finding out about bullies):] "There's a lot of things this year that are different from last year.  Maybe one of them is what's causing your headaches."\par
[Chapter 2 (after finding out about bullies):] "LEAP's supposed to be for smart kids, right?  So what are those bullies doing here?"\par
[Chapter 4:] "A lot of people back at camp are talking about how Aidan picked you up like you were nothing and zoomed off to the hospital.  They're really impressed."\par
[Chapter 7:] "We can't go back to camp without stopping Aidan and rescuing Lucian!"\par
[Chapter 10:] "You know, all things considered, I think I still had a good time.  I hope next year will be less scary, though."\par
\pard\par
\ul Food\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 7:] "How can you think about food at a time like this?"\par
[default:] Ava makes a face.  "The accidents we come up with in the cooking classes are better than what they dish out in the dining hall."\par
\pard\par
\ul Cooking class\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 7:] "How can you think about food at a time like this?"\par
[Chapter 10:] "The cooking classes were great.  Maybe next year they'll let us cook for the dining hall.  Though maybe it won't make a difference.  After all those classes, I'd say that the cooking is actually okay, but it's the ingredients that are a bit off.  Well, maybe they could go easy on the fake sugar, too."\par
[default:] "I'm registered for a series of cooking classes this year," Ava says.  "Maybe they'll tell me why the LEAP dining hall food tastes so awful."\par
\pard\par
-----\par
\par
\ul Thief, thieves\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 2, after finding out about bullies:] "I really don't understand why anyone would want to be so mean!"\par
[Chapter 10:] [if C10.1 has not been reached, go there now.  Otherwise:] "I don't know, Daniel.  It all seems very mysterious to me."\par
[default:] Ava doesn't have much of interest to say about that.\par
\pard\par
\ul Mindscape\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 10:] Ava can't seem to hear enough about your adventures in Aidan's mindscape.  "I wonder what it all means.  I mean, it's supposed to be all very symbolic, right?"\par
\pard\par
\ul Humphrey Bogart\ulnone\par
\pard\li720 "Those old black-and-white movies are quite nice, I'll agree, but I think Stacy's just a little obsessed with Humphrey Bogart's stuff."\par
\pard\par
\ul Star\ulnone\par
\tab [Chapter 1:] "Does Humphrey Bogart count?  We've got a Hollywood theme going on our floor."\par
}
 