{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qj\lang4105\ul\f0\fs24 STACY\ulnone\par
\par
You met Stacy last year, here at LEAP.  She's a skinny blonde girl with freckles and rather prominent front teeth.  She likes playing with gadgets, and is so full of nervous energy she could probably swallow an elephant and not gain an ounce of weight.  [if Stacy is wearing the straw hat]  She's also wearing a neat little straw hat with a pink ribbon trailing behind.  [if Stacy is wearing any other sort of hat]  She's also wearing a deerstalker cap with a completely inappropriate daisy stuck into one flap.  [if Stacy is wearing any other sort of hat]  She's also wearing a rather dashing purple hat with a wide, floppy brim.\par
\par
\ul MUCH THE MILLER'S SON\ulnone\par
Much, a fine fellow, is played this day by thy friend Stacy.  She -- or he -- has been pleased to take but a small speaking role, that she might explore the simulation at her leisure when thou and thy brother art gone to the next scene.\par
\par
\par
ROOM DESCRIPTION TEXT\par
\par
[Chapter 1, 2:] \lang2057 Ava and Stacy have both taken this option and are waiting for their turn at the ping pong tables. [This text already in room description.]\par
\lang4105\par
[Chapter 4:] Stacy is here.\par
\par
[Chapter 5:] Stacy is sitting beside you, completely absorbed in her project.\par
\par
[Chapter 6:] Much, the Miller's Son, as played by thy friend Stacy, loiters \par
\par
[Chapter 10:] [in room description]\par
\par
\par
ATTACHED SCENERY\par
\par
\ul The Hat (I imagine that it's actually the same object throughout the game, changing descriptions/names from chapter to chapter)\par
\pard\li720\qj\ulnone\i Examine:\i0  \par
\pard\li1440\qj [straw hat, bonnet:] This little straw hat belongs to Stacy, and is decorated with a few paper flowers and a wide pink ribbon.  It's rather more feminine than you would expect from someone who spends half her time playing with screwdrivers.\par
[purple hat] It's one of those flashy, wide-brimmed hats designed to sit at an angle on one's head.\par
[deerstalker cap] Just like the one Sherlock Holmes wears in all those pictures of him!  Of course, he'd only have worn it if he were out in the country, but nothing says "detective" quite like a deerstalker.\par
\pard\li720\qj\i Hit, kick, destroy, etc:\i0  Stacy would kill you if you killed her hat.\par
\i Wear:\i0  [if you have the hat:] But it's a girl's hat!\par
\tab [otherwise:] It seems to be firmly attached to Stacy's head.  Also, she'd make you eat a screwdriver sideways if you tried anything.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
ACTIONS\par
\pard\li720\qj\par
\i Hit, kick, kill, etc:\i0  Only if you want a screwdriver in your ribs.\par
\par
\i Kiss:\i0  Aidan makes enough fun of you and your "girlfriends" as it is.  Do you really want to give him any more ammo than he already thinks he has?\par
\par
\i Focus:\i0\par
\pard\li1440\qj [Chapter 1:] "What?  Is there something on my nose?"\par
[Chapter 2:] You seem to hear crickets chirping.\par
[Chapter 4:] There's definitely some sort of chirping, ringing sound surrounding Stacy, along with a vaguely smoky smell.  She's ... curious?  Suspicious?  Anxious?  Something like that.\par
[Chapter 5:] Stacy is focussed on SARG with the sort of concentration most people reserve for defusing bomb threats.  There's a sort of interest and excitement about her that tells you that everything must be going according to plan.\par
[Chapter 6:] Stacy seems hurt and confused, especially with regard to Aidan.  She must still be thinking about what happened at the robotics class.\par
[Chapter 10:] You sense nothing.  And thank goodness for that.\par
\pard\qj\par
\par
CONVERSATION\par
\par
\ul Default response in Chapter 6\par
\pard\li720\qj\ulnone Forsooth, such existeth not within the bounds of this simulation.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Aidan\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapters 1-2:] "He's pretty good with electrical gadgets and that sort of thing.  We've got that robotics class coming up on Friday, and I'd really like to see what he comes up with."\par
[Chapter 4, in corridor:] "Ava knows more," Stacy mutters. "I'm just as curious as you."\par
[Chapter 5:] "I'd like to see what he's building, but I guess I can wait until the end of class.  Bet it won't come close to beating the Stacy Alexander Robot Guy, though!"\par
[Chapter 6:] "He's your brother.  I have nothing to say."\par
[Chapter 10:] [if C10.2 has not been reached, go there now.  Otherwise:] \lang2057 "He's told me he's sorry about everything, so I guess I should stop being mad at him.  But I'm still kind of worried that he's going to go crazy again one day."\lang4105\par
\par
\pard\qj\ul Ava\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 5:] "She should be in the middle of her cooking class right now.  If we're lucky, she'll have something left over that we can eat instead of the dining hall food."\par
[Chapter 6:] "She's in the town; you know that.  I think she's playing a nun or something."\par
[default:] "Ava worries too much about everything," Stacy says.  "I tell her to stop, but she just won't listen."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Brad\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 6:] Forsooth, such existeth not within the bounds of this simulation.\par
[default:] "I'm actually kind of jealous that he's your counselor.  None of the other counselors are quite as sensible."\par
\tab [if Ava is present:] "You just think that because he's the only one who doesn't think your hats are silly," says Ava.\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Michelle\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] "She's really absent-minded.  I'm surprised she didn't lose her head for you to find in the scavenger hunt."\par
[Chapter 2:] "If you're not talking to your counselor about what's going on, I don't see why we should drag some other counselor into this."\par
[Chapter 4:] "I don't know.  I guess she's back at the camp, doing camp counselor-type stuff."\par
[Chapter 10:] Stacy shrugs.  "She's an okay counselor, I guess.  I don't really have anything to say about her one way or another."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Antonia\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 5:] "I wouldn't try asking her about anything, if I were you.  At least, not now, while she's being mobbed by idiots who shouldn't be taking this class in the first place.  Wait until after class if you really need her help."\par
[Chapter 6:] "I know she programmed most of Sherwood Forest.  I can't wait to go take a closer look at everything."\par
[Chapter 1, 2, 4:] "She's really smart.  I wouldn't be taking her robotics class again this year if she weren't.  But she's always getting bogged down by stupid people who need things explain seven or eight times."\par
[Chapter 10:] "I really liked her class.  Well, except for the part where Aidan broke SARG, but that wasn't her fault.  I hope she'll be back again next year."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hank, Joe, bullies\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Before finding out about the bullies from Lucian:] "Yeah, I heard about them.  They don't mess with the girls much, luckily."\par
[Chapter 2, after finding out about the bullies:] "Those boys need to be taught a lesson," Stacy mutters darkly.\par
[Chapter 6:] Such craven villains existeth not in the time of Robin Hood; or if they did, thou shalt surely vanquish them ere the tale is told. \par
[Chapter 5, 10] Stacy shrugs.  "I can't say I've noticed them at all since that other night."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Dr Claudia Rose\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 10:] "After everything that happened, I guess it was a good thing that we had a medical professional in charge this year.  I don't know if Damon Rose could have handled it as well.  Maybe he'd have called the doctor in to help, I don't know."\par
\pard\li720 [Chapter 6:] The good doctor doth not enter into the s\lang2057 imulation.\lang4105\par
\pard\li720\qj [default:] "Well, I'm glad she stepped in to keep the camp running, after Mr Rose went and died.  She's supposed to be very busy with the hospital, though, and anyway camps like this aren't really her thing.  They'll probably find someone else to take over next year."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Damon Rose\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 6:] Forsooth, such existeth not within the bounds of this simulation.\par
[default:] "I read all about Mr Rose's death in the newspaper.  I thought LEAP would shut down this year because of it, but I'm glad his sister decided to step in and keep the camp running.  I mean, it's awful that he's dead and all, and I'm sorry that he's gone, but really I didn't know him all that well."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Lucian\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Before meeting Lucian:] Stacy doesn't know anyone by that name.\par
[Chapter 2, after meeting Lucian:] "He seems like a bit of a whiner, if you ask me.  But if he needs help, I guess we'd better do something."\par
[Chapter 4:] "He seemed kind of scared and upset, last time I saw him."\par
[Chapter 5, 6:] "What?  Has something gone wrong with him again?"\par
[Chapter 10:] "Lucian's okay, I guess.  He hates the dining hall food just as much as I do."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Daniel\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 5:] "You're you.  Why?"\par
[Chapter 2:] "If there's something wrong with you, I'd like to know what it is.  I mean, that's what friends are for, right?"\par
[Chapter 4:] "I heard about what happened in the dining hall.  Are you sure it wasn't the food?  It's pretty icky, after all.  You look okay now, anyway."\par
[Chapter 6:] "You're Little John, or have you forgotten already?"\par
[Chapter 10:] "You're you, of course.  After everything that's happened, that's about the best sort of thing for you to be, I think.  I just hope nothing else happens because of all this."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul SARG, robot\par
\pard\li720\qj\ulnone [Chapter 1, 2, 4:] "The Stacy Alexander Robot Guy!  Remember, he was my project from last year, for robotics class?  This year, I'm going to work on making him even better than before."\par
[Chapter 5:] "SARG?  He is going to be so awesome once I'm done with him!"\par
[Chapter 6:] "Don't remind me," quoth Much with a growl.\par
[Chapter 10:] "He was pretty awesome, wasn't he?  And if you think he was awesome this year, just you wait until next year!"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Ping pong option\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] "I like Ping Pong.  It's a sport like tennis, but you don't have to run around.  Not very much, anyway.  Can you believe Ava's never played before?"\par
[Chapter 2, 4, 5:] "I highly recommend it."\par
[Chapter 10:] "It's a little late to be thinking of signing up for any options, don't you think?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Scavenger hunt option\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] "Sorry, Daniel, if I'd known you were doing the Scavenger Hunt, I'd have signed up for it too."\par
[Chapter 2, 4, 5:] "I don't think I'm going to get around to doing that option this year.  I've already booked spots in a whole bunch of other things.  And anyway it's not like you're going to be taking it again, right?"\par
[Chapter 6:] "Yeah, I've got a list of a bunch of stuff in the simulation that I want to look at before our time is up."\par
[Chapter 10:] "It's a little late to be thinking of signing up for any options, don't you think?"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Star\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] "Have you checked the fourth floor?  They've got some kind of astronomy theme going on up there."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Humphrey Bogart\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 6:] "Bogart never made any Robin Hood movies.  Not really his type of character, I'd say."\par
[default:] "Humphrey Bogart's okay, I guess.  But Ava's, like, in love with him or something."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Hat\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, she has a hat and you don't:] [See conversation C01.01]\par
[Chapter 1, you have a hat and she doesn't:] "If you destroy that hat, I'm going to destroy you, so watch it."\par
[Chapter 1, you both have hats (your hat is a folded newspaper)] "I like my hat, thanks.  That newspaper hat of yours, well, I stopped wearing those when my folks started letting me get real ones."\par
[otherwise:] "Everything's better with hats!"\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Gadgets\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] "I promised I wouldn't break anything this year, just to see how it works."  Stacy looks a little shifty.  "Of course, some things were already broken when I found them, so that's really not my fault."\par
[Chapter 2:] "Oh, I'm in the middle of a bunch of stuff.  Some of these ex-gadgets look like they could be great add-ons for SARG."\par
[Chapter 4:] "It's nothing compared to...." Stacy looks suddenly guilty.  "I wasn't thinking of taking apart any of the hospital equipment!  Honest!"\par
[Chapter 5:] "Yeah, I've had lots of practice."\par
[Chapter 6:] "Yeah, I'm sure Much's dad's mill is just full of interesting Olde Englishe gadgetry."\par
[Chapter 10:] "I did finish fixing a lot of the stuff on my desk, in the end.  Some of the others, well...."  Stacy shrugs, then grins.  "Let's just say SARG has improved a lot in the past two weeks."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Screwdriver\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj "My dad's co-worker, Dr Hu, gave me this nifty new screwdriver for Christmas.  It's made out of a special space-age metal alloy, and the handle is specially molded to fit in my hand.  And it lights up if it touches something with an electrical current in it.  It's totally the awesomest screwdriver ever."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Dr Hu\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj "Yeah, he's one of my dad's co-workers.  He's pretty brilliant, and has all the neatest gadgets."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Powers\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1:] What powers?\par
[Chapter 2:] "It would be really awesome if you were developing super powers, Daniel, but that sort of thing doesn't happen in real life."\par
[Chapter 4:] "So you've got these super emo-powers now?  I think I'm jealous."  She isn't really, you know, but you somehow know that she finds the idea absolutely fascinating.\par
[Chapter 5:] "I don't think those emo-powers work on robots, Daniel.  Robots don't have emotions."\par
[Chapter 6:] Stacy rolls her eyes.  "If Little John had those powers, the Robin Hood stories would be very very different."\par
[Chapter 10, C10.4 has not been reached:] [go to C10.4]\par
[Chapter 10, default:]\par
\pard\li1440\qj "I'm still wondering where those powers come from."\par
\par
"You're not thinking of trying to get any sort of superpowers, are you?" asks Ava, a little worriedly.  "I mean, look what happened to Aidan."\par
\par
"Oh, I'm sure I could handle myself better."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Food\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 2:] "Oh yuck.  It's even worse this year than last year."\par
[Chapter 4:] "I bet the hospital food is better than what they serve us in the dining hall.  Maybe I'll go break a leg or something, see if they let me in here."\par
[Chapter 5:] "Are you trying to spoil my concentration, Daniel?"\par
[Chapter 6:] Much hath much to speak of the food of the camp, which doth tempt him with savory scents of roast venison; but, as 'tis but a simulation, he knoweth that there shalt be but the poor fare of the LEAP dining hall to follow.\par
[Chapter 10:] "It's our last day, and I'm not touching more of this than I absolutely have to."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul LEAP\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 1, 2:] "I'm having a great time already.  I was kind of worried that they'd cancel the camp this year.  You know, after Mr Rose's death and everything, but I'm glad his sister's taking charge."\par
[Chapter 4:] "Ava and I skipped class this morning to visit you.  I hope you're grateful."\par
[Chapter 5, 6:] "They don't have things like this back home, do they?"\par
[Chapter 10:] "Another year gone.  In spite of everything, I'm sorry to see the end of this.  There's still next year, though."\par
\pard\qj\par
\ul Mindscape\ulnone\par
\pard\li720\qj [Chapter 10:] "I'm officially jealous.  That totally beats the Simulation Sunday VR."\par
\pard\qj\par
\pard\lang2057\par
CHAPTER 5 SPECIFIC CONVERSATION TOPICS\par
\par
\ul your robot\ulnone\par
\par
\ul slots\ulnone\par
\par
\ul data blocks in general, hint, help\ulnone\par
[note: "Ask Stacy about data block" should default to this rather than to any attempt to disambiguate between the various available data blocks.]\par
\par
\ul mint green data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul saffron data block\ulnone\par
\par
\pard\qj\ul forest green data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul royal purple data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul copper data block\par
\par
baby blue data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul scarlet data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul magenta data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul golden data block\ulnone\par
\par
\ul hot pink data block\ulnone\par
\par
}
 